How It Works
Rewards
Blog
Support
Log In
English
How It Works
Rewards
Blog
Support
Log In
English
Privacy Policy
Receipt Hog Privacy Policy
Last modified: March 21, 2023
Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Receipt Hog App and http://www.receipthog.com, as well as information collected by HatchTank, including on http://www.hatchnewideas.com/ and www.qual.numerator.com (collectively the “Platforms”) which are owned and operated by Market Track, LLC d/b/a Numerator.  This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share and secure the personal information we may collect when you use the Platforms.  It also describes your choices regarding use, access, deletion, and correction of your personal information.  We will review the notice regularly and publish updates as required by law, statute and/or regulation where your rights will be no less than what is required by law, statute, and/or regulation.
Market Track, LLC is the data controller with respect to personal information about users of Receipt Hog and HatchTank located in the UK and EU.
When you use Receipt Hog, we collect information related to your purchase and consumer behavior to the extent you choose to share it with us.  We use this information as part of the products and services we make available to our clients (such as agencies, brands, manufacturers and retailers) to help them better understand consumer behavior and the markets in which they do business.
This Policy does not cover our clients’ use of your personal information outside of the products and services we may provide them. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our clients.  Further, you may elect to participate in surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or other programs that may be offered or sponsored by third parties.  Any such participation will be subject to the privacy statements of those relevant third parties.
If you are a California consumer, please see the section of this Privacy Policy called “For California Consumers” for more information about your privacy rights.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND HOW WE MAY USE IT
We may collect your information in several ways, including the following:
Information You Provide Us Directly. We collect personal information you choose to provide us directly, for example when you share purchase receipts with us or when you answer survey questions.
Information We May Collect Through Automated Technologies.  We may collect personal information through the use of cookies, tags, web beacons and other technologies.  We may also collect unique device identifiers and may collect geolocation information if we have the appropriate legal basis to do so.
Information We May Receive from Other Parties.  We may combine the information we receive from you with information we receive from other sources.
To the extent required by applicable law, we will only collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do so. The chart below summarizes when we collect personal information, the types of personal information we collect and how we use the personal information. We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
When We Collect Personal Information
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
The Legal Basis for Using Personal Information
Personal information we collect by cookies or similar technologies when you visit our Platforms.
We may collect information related to your use of our websites including where you came from, login details, pages you looked at, duration of your visit, geographic location, and/or the links you click. Technical information collected may include your browser type and operating system, device information, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
We may use this information to tailor our websites for you, that is to show you recommendations, marketing, or content based on your profile and interests. This data also allows our websites to function properly, that is to ensure the proper display of content, create and remember your account login details, improve our site and keep our site secure and safe and to protect against fraud. This data may also be used to show online ads and content on social media platforms or other sites. You can change your cookie consent preferences at any time by following the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link at numerator.com.  Otherwise, you can opt out of targeted advertising by using the function available on our websites (where applicable), or in your browser settings. For opting out of targeted advertising on social media platforms, please visit the relevant social media platform to explore the options they may provide.
Our legal basis to use this information includes (1) your consent when it is required under applicable law and (2) our legitimate interests, including to improve our sites and services, to better engage with you, and to secure our sites.
Personal Information we collect when you use our websites and apps (“Platforms”).
When you use our Platforms (for example, by uploading your purchase-related information or answering survey questions), we may ask you to provide:
·         Identifiers, such as first and last name, mailing address, email address, and date of birth;
·         Research information, such as information about your activities, behaviors, preferences, and interests, and any content you produce for a research project (e.g., photos, videos, opinions, comments, and project diaries);
·         Geolocation data;
·         Financial information, such as hashed credit card information, purchase history from receipts, and electronic receipts;
·         Demographic information, such as, education, occupation, income, nationality, citizenship, country of residence,  ethnicity, gender, and family information;
·         Health-related information, such as physical activities;  Application or device usage data;
·         Social media data (where you use your social media login or share this personal data with us); and
·         Your grocery, drugstore, or other store loyalty card numbers.
Only if you have provided us with your consent to do so, we may obtain access to your email account to collect information from your email related to your digital shopping history. If you consent to this process, we may automatically collect information from your emails about purchase transactions including receipts, details of what was purchased, the merchant from which the goods/services were purchased, the amount spent and the date of the purchase. Consent for this process is controlled by you. You may withdraw your consent to us at any time by updating your consent settings.
Only if you have provided us with your consent to do so, we may obtain access to one or more of your merchant accounts (e.g., Amazon.com) to collect information from your account related to your digital shopping history. If you consent to this process, we may automatically collect information from your account about purchase transactions including receipts, details of what was purchased, the merchant from which the goods/services were purchased, the amount spent and the date of the purchase. Consent for this process is controlled by you. You may withdraw your consent to us at any time by updating your consent settings.
We use the information we collect to manage your account(s). For example, we use the information you provide us and the purchase information you have chosen to provide us with, or otherwise authorized us to collect, in order to track, process, post and fulfill rewards you earn and to provide customer service. In addition, we may use this information to keep you informed of new features and product developments as well as to provide more relevant offers to you.
We also may use this information to provide clients with anonymous market research reports and consumer insights. For example, “What percentage of Females in the Midwest buy Brand X products?”
We also may share this information in other ways as described below under the heading “How We May Share Your Information With Third Parties”
Our legal basis for using this information includes (1) your  consent when it is required under applicable law and (2) our legitimate interests, including to improve our sites and services, to better engage with you, and to secure our Platforms and services; and (3) performance of a contract so you can receive rewards related to your use of our Platforms
Personal information we collect and use when you subscribe to receiving our marketing communications.
We collect first and last name, organization name, gender, email address, mailing address, username and password, preferences, and other information you have chosen to share with us about yourself.
We may use this information to send you marketing communications (where you have asked us to) which may be tailored to you based on your preferences and the personal data we know about you.
Our legal basis for using this information includes (1) our legitimate interests which include to improve our sites and services and better engage with you and (2) your consent (if required by law) to receive marketing communications from us.
Personal information we collect and use when you contact our support team
We may collect first and last name, email address, phone number, date of birth, information about your activities and interests, and other information you have shared with us about yourself in relation to your inquiry.
We use this information to communicate with you about your use of our services and may use it to verify your identity for compliance reasons
Our lawful basis to use this information includes (1) performance of contract to provide you with our service (2) our legitimate interests which include to improve our services, to better engage with you and to secure our sites.
Personal information we collect from third parties
We may collect demographic information such as education, occupation, income, nationality, citizenship, country of residence,  ethnicity, gender, and family information and other publicly available information (for example, electoral register information about you from third party companies that specialize in collecting this type of information).
We may combine this information about you with other information about you that we collect as described above.  We use this information to provide our clients with anonymous market research reports and consumer insights.
We also may share this information in other ways as described below under the heading “How We May Share Your Information With Third Parties” .
Our legal basis for using this information includes (1) your  consent when it is required under applicable law and (2) our legitimate interests, including to improve our sites and services, to better engage with you, and to secure our sites, apps, and services; and (3) performance of contract so you can receive rewards related to your use of our app.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit our websites or click on a banner advertisement, we and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies or similar technologies, that helps us improve the quality of our sites and services, and the online experience of our visitors and users. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.
We use browser session cookies, which are temporary cookies that are erased from your device’s memory when you close your Internet browser or turn your computer off, and persistent cookies, which are stored on your device until they expire, unless you delete them before that time. We group browser cookies on our site into three categories, which you can manage:
Required cookies: These cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of our site to function, such as allowing images to load or allowing you to select your cookie preferences.
Functional cookies: These cookies allow us to analyze your use of our site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on our site. For example, remembering your log-in details or providing us information about how our site is used.
Advertising cookies: These cookies may be used to share data with advertisers so that the ads you see are more relevant to you, allow you to share certain pages with social networks, or allow you to post comments on our site.
If you are located in the UK or the EU, we only use cookies and similar technologies that are not strictly necessary for our site to function if you give your consent.  If you give your consent, you can change your consent preferences at any time by following the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link at numerator.com.
HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share aggregated and anonymized insights and reports about consumer and purchase behavior with clients, affiliates, partners, or other third parties for research, marketing, analysis and other purposes.
From time to time, we may share personal information related to your purchase or receipt information and/or survey responses with clients or other third parties for advertising, marketing research or analytics purposes (e.g., to help them better understand consumer preferences or segments, or serve more relevant advertising or measure advertising effectiveness) or to help us better understand the accuracy of such information or responses.  In these cases, we limit the types of identifiers we may share (e.g., mobile ad ids, hashed emails, etc.) and restrict the ways in which third parties may use this data.  We will only engage in this type of sharing if we have obtained your consent to do so or if we believe we have another appropriate legal basis to do so or are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.
We may share information we obtain with third party service providers or data processors that provide services on our behalf, such as data analytics and IT services. These third parties have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and have agreed to use any personal information we share with them, or which they collect on our behalf, solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us.
We may share information with government organizations and agencies, law enforcement and regulators (1) to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies; (2)  to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; or (4) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
If, in the future, we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may disclose/transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company.
In addition to the above, we may share personal information about you with others to the extent you consent to such sharing.
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL INFORMATION GLOBALLY
International data transfers
We may transfer to and store the personal information we collect in countries other than the country in which the personal information was originally collected in accordance with applicable law. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which the personal information was provided. For example, your personal information may be stored in the United States and your personal information may be transferred to or accessed by Market Track, LLC, its affiliates and service providers in the United States.  When we transfer personal information to recipients in other countries, we will protect the personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information..
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the UK we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or the UK respectively.  In all such cases, we will only transfer your personal information if:
The country to which the personal information will be transferred has been granted a European Commission or Information Commissioner’s Office adequacy decision;
We have put in place appropriate safeguards in respect of the transfer, for example EU Standard Contractual Clauses; or
One or more of the derogations for specific situations provided by law applies, for example because the transfer of personal information is necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims.
To obtain a copy of the safeguards we have put in place, please contact us as indicated below.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Market Track, LLC participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Market Track, LLC is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and the United Kingdom, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov.  As of July 16, 2020, we no longer rely on the Privacy Shield to transfer personal data from the EU and UK to the U.S.
Market Track, LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Market Track, LLC complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and UK, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Market Track, LLC is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.   In certain situations, Market Track, LLC may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Market Track, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU or UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Market Track LLC at: privacy@numerator.com.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), EU or UK individuals may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure and use.
Subject to applicable law, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services and to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, or otherwise for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or any other notice provided at the time of collection.  We may keep data longer if we have a legal obligation to keep it or to maintain necessary records for legal, financial, compliance, or other reporting obligations, in accordance with applicable statutes of limitation and records retention requirements under applicable law, and to enforce our rights and agreements.
DIRECT MARKETING
How we use personal information to keep you up to date with our services
We may use personal information to let you know about our services that we believe will be of interest to you. We may contact you by email, post, or telephone or through other communications channels that we think you may find helpful. In all cases, we will respect your preferences for how you would like us to manage marketing activities with you.
We also work with third parties, such as promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships, to tell you about products and services that they believe would be of interest to you.
At any time you can update or correct your personal profile, or change your preferences for the way in which you would like us to communicate with you.  You can ask us to stop sending you email marketing at any time by following the unsubscribe link you will find on all the email marketing messages we send you. Alternatively you can contact us support@receipthog.com to opt out of direct marketing. Please specify whether you would like us to stop all forms of marketing or just a particular type (e.g. email).
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
For your convenience and information, or in connection with your use of our Platforms, our Platforms may provide links to or plug-ins of non-Numerator websites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with us (including but not limited to bulletin boards, chat rooms and other online forums).  The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-Numerator websites, apps or services.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
None of our products or services are directed to or intended for use or purchase by children. Accordingly, we do not knowingly solicit or collect, either online or offline, information from children under the age of 13. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at privacy@receipthog.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please review it frequently.  We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page.
ACCESS, DELETION, AND/OR CORRECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account and contacting us through our support channels or contacting us at privacy@receipthog.com.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, verify your identity, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.  You can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails. You also may update certain of your account details and settings by logging into your account on the Services.
If you are a California resident, please see the California Consumer Privacy Statement section of this Privacy Policy for more information about your privacy rights.
If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia resident, subject to applicable law, you may have the right to: (1) request access to, or correction or deletion of, your personal information; or (2) opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, or the sale of your personal information.  You can exercise your rights by emailing us at privacy@receipthog.com or, for requests to opt out of sale or targeted advertising, by visiting our opt-out request form here. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by emailing us at privacy@receipthog.com.
LEGAL RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO EU AND UK DATA SUBJECTS
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request confirmation of and access to the personal information we maintain about you;
Request rectification of your personal information if it is inaccurate or outdated;
Request erasure of your personal information in certain circumstances specified by applicable law;
Request the restriction of the processing of your personal information;
Object to our processing of your personal information on grounds relating to your particular situation;
Receive a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine readable format, and, in some cases, have that personal information transmitted to another organization; and
Where you have given us consent to process your personal information, withdraw your consent at any time.
You can exercise your rights by sending a request to privacy@receipthog.com or to the mailing address referenced in the Contact Us section.
If you consider that we have processed your personal information in violation of applicable law and failed to remedy such violation to your reasonable satisfaction, you also may lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country.
CONTACT US
The primary point of contact for all issues arising from this Policy is our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted in the following ways:
Email: privacy@receipthog.com
Attn: Receipt Hog / HatchTank Privacy
Market Track, LLC
24 E. Washington St., Suite 1200
Chicago, IL 60602
Phone: +1.312.529.5102**
**This phone number is only for issues related to Receipt Hog and HatchTank privacy matters. If you need assistance regarding a non-privacy related matter, please reach out here.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this Policy, the information we hold about you or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honor your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS – CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”), this section provides additional information to California consumers whose personal information we may collect.  This section supplements the information provided elsewhere in the Privacy Policy and applies solely to California consumers.  This section does not apply to our personnel or job applicants.
This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the CCPA.
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: including real name, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as cookies, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology), internet protocol address, email address, and other similar identifiers
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Commercial Information: commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Geolocation Data
Sensory Information: photos and videos, when you choose to share them with us
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information that you choose to share with us
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: such as physical characteristics or description, education
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above
We may use, and may have used during the previous 12 months, these categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy (under the heading “Personal Information We May Collect And How We May Use It”), including for the following business purposes that are specified in the CCPA:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
Helping to ensure security and integrity, detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Managing our relationships with current or prospective partners, corporate customers and vendors and other business partner personnel.
We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about consumers.
To the extent we process de-identified information, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
Sources of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the last Updated date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you, such as when you upload your purchase-related information, photos, and videos, or when you answer survey questions
Your devices, such as when you visit our Platforms
Service providers, contractors, and other vendors who provide services on our behalf
Operating systems and platforms
Data brokers
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
As further described in our Privacy Policy under the heading “How We May Share Personal Information With Third Parties”, from time to time (including during the 12-month period prior to the Last Modified date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement), we may disclose each of the above categories of personal information to third parties.
Under the CCPA, the terms “sell” and “share” are broadly defined to include several different kinds of data disclosures with third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration.  Under these definitions, we may sell or share your personal information in exchange for monetary or non-monetary consideration in the following ways:
(a) We may allow certain third party online advertising services to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our sites or services.  We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period prior to the Last Modified date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement) the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Online Activity and/or Inferences; and
(b) We may disclose personal information related to your purchase or receipt information and/or survey responses to clients or third parties for advertising, marketing research or analytics purposes (e.g., to help them better understand consumer preferences or segments or serve more relevant advertising).  In these cases, we limit the types of identifiers we may share (e.g., mobile ad ids) and restrict the ways in which third parties may use this data.  We will only engage in this type of sharing if we have obtained your consent to do so or if we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.  Depending on what you provide consent for, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we may share each of the above listed categories of personal information with clients or other third parties.
You have the right to opt out of these disclosures of your information, as detailed below.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the Last Modified date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
Protected Classifications
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
·         Data brokers, such as  credit bureaus, credit reporting service providers, background check services
Commercial Information
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
Sensory Information
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
Employment Information
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
Inferences
·         Our affiliates and subsidiaries
·         Vendors who provide services on our behalf
·         Our  business partners
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities and third parties in connection with corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold or shared about you during the past 12 months.
Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we maintain about you, if that information is inaccurate.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information or the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties.
How to Submit a Request. To submit an access, correction, or deletion request, please either email us at privacy@receipthog.com, submit a request for support through the Receipt Hog app or our websites, or mail us at the address provided in our Privacy Policy under the heading “Contact Us”.  You can opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by clicking here [insert “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link] or broadcasting the Global Privacy Control signal.  To submit a Shine the Light request, email us at privacy@receipthog.com. To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, please contact us as described in this section.
Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.  If you have an account with us, we will verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account and/or answer security questions related to your account.  If you do not have an account with us, or an email address on file with us (such as if you signed up to receive our marketing emails), then there may not be a reasonable method by which we can verify your identity to the level of certainty required by the CCPA.  This is because historically we have not linked device identifiers or advertising IDs to named actual persons.  Accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, or an email address on file, and you request access to, correction of or deletion of your personal information, we will not be able to process your request at this time.
Additional Information. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.  This section is available in alternative formats upon request.  To request it in an alternative format, please either email us at privacy@receipthog.com, submit a request for support through the Receipt Hog app or our websites or mail us at the address provided in our Privacy Policy under the heading “Contact Us”.
Additional information for California residents can be found here.
FAQ
Contact Support
About Us
Affiliates & Influencers
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
App Status
Log In
©Market Track, LLC and Affiliates, 2016-2023 All Rights Reserved