Back to Amazon.com
Forums
Account
Sign in
New to Woot? - Sign up
Your Account
Stuff You Bought
Customer Service
Feedback
All Deals
Home & Kitchen
Electronics
Computers
Tools & Garden
Sports & Outdoors
Shirt
Grocery & Household
Clearance
Woot
→
What is Woot?
→
Privacy Policy
Woot Privacy Policy
The privacy policy explains how, why and what we do with the data we collect from you. If you have any questions
about the policy, you're always welcome to email
privacy@woot.com and ask. We're here for you, dear customer. We're here for
you.
Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 1, 2023
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. Woot.com LLC and its affiliates ("Woot") are subsidiaries of Amazon.com Services LLC.  As such, the collection and processing of your personal information through Woot and any related services (together, "Woot Services") are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice and the Woot Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures below (collectively, the "Woot Privacy Notice"). The Woot Privacy Notice describes the personal information that we collect, the sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we use it, the limited circumstances under which we share personal information, and with whom we share it.
By using Woot Services, you are consenting to the practices described in the Woot Privacy Notice.
Woot Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures:
These additional disclosures are required by the California Privacy Rights Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act:
Categories of personal information collected.  The personal information that Woot collects, or has collected from consumers in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, falls into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act, depending on which Woot Service is used:
identifiers such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, IP address, or your Woot account log-in information;personal information, such as a credit card number or other payment information;information that may reveal age, gender, or other protected classifications, for example if you choose to participate in a customer survey or voluntarily provide such information in the Woot forums;commercial information, such as purchase activity;internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information.audio or visual information, such as voice recordings when you call our customer service; andinference data, such as information about your purchase preferences.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose. The personal information that Woot disclosed to the third parties identified in the "Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?" section of the Amazon Privacy Notice about consumers for a business purpose in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure falls into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act, depending on which Woot Service is used:
identifiers such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, IP address, or your Woot account log-in information, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver your order;
personal information, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal age, gender, or other protected classifications, for example if you choose to participate in a survey distributed by a survey provider or voluntarily provide such information in the Woot forums;
commercial information, such as the details of a product you purchased if a third-party service provider is assisting to provide that product to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a service provider to help us gather crash reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
audio or visual information, for example if a service provider reviews recordings of customer service phone calls for quality assurance purposes; andinference data, for example if we use a service provider to help us optimize the accuracy of your shipping address to make sure your order reaches you.Your Data Rights: You may have certain data rights under the California Privacy Rights Act or Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by Woot, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact Customer Service or email us at privacy@woot.com. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. To ensure the security of your Woot account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you do not have an account, or if you are an authorized agent under the California Privacy Rights Act, email us at privacy@woot.com.No sale of personal information. In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, Woot has not sold any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure. The categories of data that Woot collects and discloses for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. Woot does not use or disclosure sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure. We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Woot Services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in the Woot Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevance of products and content we recommend.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement. Woot will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act De-identified Data Disclosure.  Woot may use de-identified data in some instances.   Woot either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
Please contact Customer Service or email privacy@woot.com if you are a California or a Virginia resident and you would like to exercise one or more of the rights described above.
Company Info
About Us
Careers
FAQ
Feedback
Customer Care
Customer Service
Woot's Return Policy
Product Warranty
Product Recall Notices
Write Us
Community
Facebook
Twitter
Forums
Everything But Woot
Blog
Developer Portal
Boring Stuff
Woot Affiliates
Terms and Conditions
Prop 65
Privacy Policy
Vendor Resources
The Fine Print
Woot.com is operated by Woot.com LLC.
Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot.com LLC.
Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion.
Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy.
Ads by Longitude.
Woot logos, site design, & content © Woot.com LLC 2004-2023. All Rights Reserved.