loading...
Incentive Coupon
New Buyer Coupons!
Buyer Protection
Customer Service
Save more
Any Countries / USD
Customer Service
Submit a Complaint
DHgate.com - China Wholesale Marketplace
Buy Globally · Sell Globally
Shop by
Categories
Toys, Hobbies & Baby, Kids
Electronics
Cell Phones & Accessories
Health & Beauty
Computers & Cameras
Jewelry & Watches
Weddings & Formal Events
Automobile & Motorcycle
Apparel
Sports & Outdoors
Home & Garden
Lights & Lighting
Hair & Styling
Bags, Shoes & Accessories
More Categories
All Categories
Beach Essentials
Fast Delivery
Best Sellers
Sublimation
Power Station
Free Coupons
Join / Sign in
My DHgate
My DHgate
Sign in
New to DHgate?
Join Free
For New User
Join Free
Sign in
My DHgate
My Orders
My Reviews
My Coupons
My Favorites
My Buying Request
My Dropshipping
Submit a Buying Request
Let us help you find what you need
For New User
Join Free
Sign in
Recently Viewed
loading
Favorites
View More
>
loading
0
Cart
Cart
loading
View Cart (
0
items)
ALL CATEGORIES
Cell Phones
|
Renewable Energy
Electronics
|
Industrial
Sports & Outdoors
Health & Beauty
Shoes & Accessories
Home&Garden
|
Lighting
Toys&Gifts
|
Baby&Kids
Apparel
|
Local Warehouse
Jewelry & Watches
Weddings & Formal Events
Hair & Styling
Computers
|
Games
Bags
|
Fashion Accessories
Automobile & Motorcycle
More Categories
Loading
Flash Deals
Coupon Center
DHgate Selected
Delivery Within 72 Hours
Just For You
Superior Suppliers
Trade Show
Home > help > Privacy Policy
Order Related
Tracking Order
Change shipping address
Cancel Order
Return & Refund
Return & Refund dispute
Dispute message
My Coins
Payment Verification
My Coupons
Account Related
Address Book
Account setting
Broswer Help
Searching & Buying
Searching Products
Searching Seller Store
Buying
Payment & Coupon
Payment
3Ds Verify
Coupon
DHgate Coins
Payment Verification
GST/VAT Notice to Buyers
Cancellation
Cancel Order
Shipping & Delivery
Before Shipping
Tracking Your Items
Customs & Import Tax
Complete Orders
Dispute
Dispute Process
Agreement&Outcome act process
Evidence & Rules
Refund
Refund Process
Product Review & Feedback
Review & Feedback
Addtioanl Service
Seller Services
Square Trade
Dropshipping
Inspection Service
Communication
Message Center
Account & Membership
Register & Sign in
The Account Cannot Be Found
Messages
DHgate Membership
DHpay account
Profile
Manage Receiving Address
New Buyer Guide
Get to Know DHgate.com
Rule & Policies
Account Patrol
IPR intellectual property
Terms of Use
Registration Agreement
Compliance Clause
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy（EU）
The New Requirement of Netherlands Parcel
Do you need help?
Privacy Policy
Welcome to DHgate, your reliable online platform.The web site identified by the uniform resource locator www.dhgate.com (the “Site”) is provided by Century Fuxuan Science & Technology Development (Beijing) Co. Ltd.as a service to our customers. This Security and Privacy Policy (the “Agreement” or “Policy”) is entered into between you as a registered user of the site (“Registered User”) and Dunhuang Holdings Limited, and its affiliates (including Rich Palace Holdings Limited, Jiahe Holdings Limited, Digitrading Hongkong Limited, Digitrading Technology Hong Kong Limited and Digitrading Technology Investment Limited) (together, “DHgate”).The security of your personal information is very important to us and we value your trust highly. We will not sell or loan your personal information to a third party under any circumstances. We will work hard to protect the security and privacy of any personal information you provide to us and will only use such information as we have described herein.By your use and access of the Site, you accept this Security and Privacy Policy. Your supply of information is voluntary. As detailed in the “How we use your personal information?”: section below, if you do not wish to provide your personal and transactional information to us, we may not be able to make available to you our services.What personal information do we collect?You may choose to use or access our Site without revealing any personal and transactional information about yourself, but you will need to register and create an account in order to make a purchase or take advantage of certain features and functions, including, but not limited to, “Save for Later” and “Address Book”. If you provide us with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of the information on our server located in the People’s Republic of China (the “P.R.C.”). As set forth in more detail below, DHgate collects personal information that you provide when using the Site. This information includes your first and last name, email address, a password and other information required when you create your DHgate account or when you participate in or conduct surveys and contests via the Site, email, or other media of DHgate. In order to protect your confidentiality and verify your identity, we may ask you to confirm your personal information when you contact our Customer Service Department.In addition to the personal information we may collect and process during registration and any surveys, we also collect, store and process the following information about our users:1. Purchase InformationWhen you make a purchase from DHgate, we collect your name and payment method information. When you create an account at DHgate, you can choose to save your billing information in “My DHgate.” You can also save one or more shipping addresses in your DHgate Address Book.2. Services Account InformationWe collect personal information from users who wish to use any of the DHgate services, including but not limited to, DHgate’s Transaction Platform. In order to use these services you must provide your email address and password or create an account at DHgate.3. Cookies and Other Computer InformationWhen you visit the Site, you will be assigned a permanent “cookie” (a small text file) to be stored on your computer’s hard drive, mobile phone or other device. The purpose of the cookie is to identify you when you visit the Site so that we can enhance and customize your online purchasing experience.You can choose to browse on the Site without cookies, but without these identifier files you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of the Site. These features include storing your shopping cart for later use and providing a more personalized future shopping experience. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.We also collect certain technical information from your computer each time you request a page during a visit to the Site. This information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer’s operating system, browser type and the address of a referring web site, if any. We collect this information to enhance the quality of your experience during your visit to the Site and will not sell or loan this information to any third parties.We also contract with third parties to provide us with data collection and reporting services regarding our customers’ activities on the Site and to track and measure the performance of our marketing efforts. These third parties may use cookies and may receive anonymous information about your browsing and buying activity on this Site. None of your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address, etc.) will be received by or shared with these third parties.4. Publishing InformationWhen you submit any information on the Site during your use or access, including, but not limited to, information on the DHgate blog, the rating system, or product catalog, you are deemed to have given your permission to DHgate to publish such information, and DHgate and the Site hereby enjoy an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide and royalty-free, sub-licensable license to use all information provided by such user to exercise the copyright, compilation, database and publicity rights any user has in such material or information, in any media form.How we use your personal information?We do not sell, loan, trade or exchange any user’s personal information without such user’s consent. The information we collect on the Site may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online;Register you as a member of DHgate;Prevent fraud;Confirm your orders;Resolve disputes and prevent prohibited and illegal activities;Enforce our Terms of Use and related agreements;Respond to your customer-service inquiries or requests;Communicate great values and featured items to you;Find and stock the products you want; andCustomize, measure and improve our services and your purchase experience.When and with whom can we share your personal information?We do not sell or loan your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. Other than as permitted under this Policy or as otherwise consented to by you, we will not transfer your personal data to any other third parties for their processing for any purposes.We will share your personal customer information only with our subsidiaries or affiliates, agents, assignees or our business, representatives, financial institutions, service providers, and contractors for limited purposes of, including, but not limited to, fulfilling customer orders, offering certain products and services in connection with the Site, communicating to customers, providing customer service, storing, sharing and retrieving customers’ photo images in our Photo Center, enhancing and improving clients’ purchase experience, enabling access to our partners’ web sites, providing a personalized purchase experience and preventing fraud and completing payment method processing. Aside from the purposes described above, we will not share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your express permission or there are special circumstances, such as when DHgate is required by the government, law enforcement body, regulatory authorities, obligee whose legitimate right has been injured, a subpoena or other legal document to share such information, or if we believe it to be reasonably necessary to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect DHgate’s rights or property. We may also share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.How can you control the use of your personal information?You are solely responsible for ensuring all personal information you provide is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You can modify or delete your personal information at any time. Simply go to My DHgate. Log in with your ID and password, then edit or delete your personal information at your discretion.How can we protect the security of your personal information?Your personal information is protected by the password you created when you created an account on the Site (or another password you chose after changing a previous password). Please keep this password confidential. No Customer Service Associate or any other representative of DHgate will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. You may change it at anytime by going to My DHgate. Log in with your email address and password, then click “Change Name, Email & Password” and enter a new password.MinorsDHgate does not intentionally collect personal information about minors or other persons without full civil conduct capacity, but based on the properties of Internet, there is no way for DHgate and the Site to distinguish the age or capacity of the users. By accepting this Agreement through your use or access of the Site, you certify that you are a person over 18 years old with full capacity and ability to form a legally binding contract in the jurisdiction in which you are resident or in which you are entering into this Agreement. If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of the terms of this Agreement, do not use the Site.Meanwhile, if a minor or other person does not have full civil conduct capacity and has provided personal information to us without the proper consent of their parent or legal guardian, such parent or legal guardian should contact us to remove such personal information.SecurityYour information is stored on our servers located in the P.R.C, and we adopt lots of tools, means and technologies to protect them against unauthorized access, use and disclosure. For instance, we use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts (or encodes) sensitive information before it is sent over the Internet. However, we are limited in our efforts by the technologies currently available, and no data transmission or storage over Internet can be guaranteed to be perfectly safe. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your information and privacy, we do not promise or guarantee that your information will always be private and safeAdvertising/Direct MarketingExcept to the extent you have already opted out or in future opt out, we may also use your personal data for the purpose of sending you direct marketing (whether by messaging within our services, by email or by other means) that offer or advertise our products and services and/or the products and services of selected third parties. Such products and services (of ours or third parties) include the following:   • our products and services offered on the Site and the products and services of our affiliate and subsidiary companies and business partners in relation to (i) telecommunication network services, including TV, mobile voice, IDD/roaming, SMS and data communications, entertainment and data communications on Internet; (ii) computer peripheral, accessories and software, including notebooks, handsets, mobile devices and accessories, keyboards, security installations and mobile applications; and (iii) other social media, entertainment, e-commerce, information and communications software and services; and   • third party providers of the above services and products and services relating to dining, food and beverages, sports, music, film, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry, cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics, collectibles, housewares, appliances, home decoration and furnishings, pets, automobiles, hotels, transport and travel, banking, insurance and financial services, loyalty and reward programs and other products and services that we think may be relevant to you.We will honour your request for us to not use your personal data for the marketing purposes noted above. If you wish to make such a request, please: (i) notify our [Privacy Officer]; or (ii) follow the relevant instructions on our marketing communications.Please note that we will not share your personal data with any advertisers unless you have given us your consent to do so. For the avoidance of doubt, this consent is separate form and independent of your services registered with us. Accordingly, it can be withdrawn at any time as per this Policy without reference to the duration of the services, and will survive the termination or expiration of any applicable service contracts.Retention of dataSubject to applicable laws and regulations, we will only retain your personal data for so long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes as set out under the “How we use your personal information?” section above.Should your account be terminated by you or us for any reason, we will (subject to the above paragraph) take steps to ensure that your personal data is no longer available through our services, or otherwise used by us, within a reasonable period of time (subject to technical limitations) after such account termination.Data Access/Correction RequestSubject to applicable laws and regulations, you have the right to inspect the personal information we hold about you and to request access to or correction of your personal information, or to request that we delete any of your personal information that is stored by us.If you wish to exercise the abovementioned rights, or if you have any enquiries about our processing of your Personal Data, please contact our [Privacy Officer] via email at [manager@dhgate.com] or via postal mail at [legal@dhgate.com] (attention: [Privacy Officer], [Legal Department]). We will respond to all requests made to our [Privacy Officer] under this “Data Access/Correction Request” section within the period set by the data privacy laws (if applicable). Satisfactory proof and/or explanation of the inaccuracy is essential before we would consider correcting the specified data.GeneralWe realize that making purchases on the Site, or any other web site, requires trust on your part. We value your trust very highly and pledge to you, our clients, that we will work hard to protect the security and privacy of any personal information you provide to us and that your personal information will only be used as set forth in this Policy. This includes your name, address, phone number, email address or checking account information, in addition to any other personal information that can be linked to you, personally.DHgate may provide links to certain third party web sites. This Security and Privacy Policy applies only to activities conducted and personal information collected on the Site. Other web sites may have their own policies regarding privacy and security. We encourage you to review the privacy policies on these sites before you use and access them. You are solely responsible for your use and access of other web sites.DHgate will obtain your consent before allowing the download of any software from the Site, and DHgate will not automatically download any software to your computer system. Once you consent to the initial download of any software, you may receive automatic updates or patches pertaining to such software. You understand and agree that any material, including but not limited to downloaded software, required or automated updates, modifications, reinstallations, or software otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that may result from any such material.DHgate reserves the right to update or modify this Security and Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you. The most current version of the Policy will govern DHgate’s use of the information and will always be at http://help.dhgate.com/help/buyer_about_usen.php?catpid=g4. If DHgate makes a change that, in DHgate’s sole discretion, is material, DHgate will notify you via e-mail to the email address associated with your account. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Security and Privacy Policy as amended.DHgate may transfer this Policy and all or part of its rights, obligations and interests to any party or entity in its sole discretion; however, a User may not assign its rights, obligations and interests under this Policy to any party or entity.Terms which have not been defined or stipulated in this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the definition(s) or provision(s) of the Terms of Use of DHgate.If you wish to contact us regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our [Privacy Officer] via email at [manager@dhgate.com] or via postal mail at [legal@dhgate.com] (attention: [Privacy Officer], [Legal Department]).
Is it helpful for
you?
Thanks for your survey.
Thank you for your feedback!
Online Service
Need more help？Here is how to get in touch
Online Service
Back to Category |
Back to Top
Bookmark & Share
Any questions or suggestions ? Please let us know.
China Wholesale | Security & Privacy | About Us | China Manufacturers | Seller Home | Blog | Best Sellers | Customer Service | Terms of Use | Russian | Portuguese | Italian | Spanish | French | German | Turkey | 한국어 | العربية
|Nederlands
|Polski
|Svenska
|日本語
|Ireland
| Local Warehouse
Copyright Notice © 2004 - 2023 DHgate.com All rights reserved. License京ICP备16060083号-9