×
Welcome to the ! Please enjoy our special offers for you
MY BENEFITS
SPECIAL OFFERS
Samsung
Log In/Sign Up
Shop
Mobile
TV & Audio
Appliances
Computing
Displays
Accessories
SmartThings
Explore
Support
For Business
Search
Cart
Number of Products :
Log In
Sign in/Create Account
Why Create an Account?
Track your orders
Business Account
Open My Menu
My Page
My Rewards
My Orders
Log Out
Hamburger
Your cart is empty.
OK
Layer Popup Close
Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.
OK
Layer Popup Close
Remove a Product
Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.Are you sure to remove this product?
Move to wish list
Delete
Layer Popup Close
Check Preferences
Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.
YES
LATER
Close Check Preferences
What are you looking for?
Search form
Close
Search Samsung.com
Cancel
Search
Suggested Searches
NO SUGGESTIONS
Search History
Clear All
Related Searches
Matched Contents
Galaxy Note
Galaxy Z Flip
Galaxy S
The Frame
QLED 8K
Galaxy A
Certified Re-Newed
Cancel
SAMSUNG PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE U.S.
Last Updated: December 30, 2022
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Samsung”), know how important privacy is to our customers. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we may obtain online across all of our Internet-connected Samsung devices and services (from mobile phones and tablets to TVs, home appliances, online services, and more) (collectively, our “Services”), and how we may use and disclose that information. We also explain the choices available to you regarding our use of the information, the steps we take to safeguard the information, and how you how may
contact us
if you have any questions about our privacy practices.
In addition to this Privacy Policy, we provide additional information about
our privacy practices related to particular Services where appropriate. You
can review such information before enabling such Services.
Click on the links below to learn more:
Information We Obtain
How We Use the Information We Obtain
Information Sharing
Links To Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features
Your Rights and Choices
Notice To California Residents
How We Protect Personal Information
Children’s Personal Information
Updates To This U.S. Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Information We Obtain
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event:
•contact information (including your name, email address, postal address, and phone number);
•payment card information (including your name, card number, expiration date, and security code);
•user coupon or gift card number;
•date of birth;
•demographic data (e.g., gender and age range);
•information stored in or associated with your Samsung Account (including your Samsung Account profile, ID, username, and password);
•username and password for participating third-party devices, apps, features, or services;
•information you store on your device, such as photos, contacts, text logs, and calendar information, when you back-up your device or use a feature that requires collection (such as when you share it with other users);
•recordings of your voice when you use voice commands to control a Service, or when you contact our Customer Service team;
•transcripts of chat sessions, text messages, emails, and other communications when you communicate with us using these methods;
•information about products and services you purchase, obtain, or consider; and
•location data (including (1) the precise geolocation of your device if you consent to the collection of this data and (2) information about nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services).
We may obtain certain information about you from publicly or
commercially-available sources and from third parties who perform services
for us. We also may obtain other information about you, your devices, and
your use of the Services, in ways we describe at the time we collect the
information or otherwise with your consent.
Information We Collect Automatically
Our Services collect some data automatically when you use the Services. We
may obtain information by automated means such as through browser cookies,
pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. Among other
purposes, these technologies help us (1) remember your information so you
will not have to re-enter it, (2) track and understand how you use and
interact with the Services, (3) tailor the Services around your
preferences, (4) manage and measure the usability of the Services, (5)
understand the effectiveness of our communications, and (6) otherwise
enhance the Services.
Information we may collect automatically includes information about
•your device, including MAC address, IP address, log information, device
model, hardware model, IMEI number, serial number, subscription
information, device settings, connections to other devices, mobile network
operator, web browser characteristics, app usage information, sales code,
access code, current software version, MNC, subscription information, and
randomized, non-persistent and resettable device identifiers, such as
Personalized Service ID (or PSID), and advertising IDs, including Google Ad
ID;
•your use of the Services, including clickstream data, your interactions with the Services (such as the web pages you visit, search terms, and the apps, services and features you use, download, or purchase), the pages that lead or refer you to the Services, how you use the Services, and dates and times of use of the Services; and
•your use of third-party websites, apps and features that are connected to
certain Services.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types
of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. You can
find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on
your browser’s menu or visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org. For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share
certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your
device. The Services are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals
received from browsers. Please note that without cookies,
you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of our
Services.
Information Stored on Your Device Not Accessible to Samsung
In addition to the categories of information obtained by Samsung discussed above, our Services may generate data automatically when you use certain Services (e.g. Samsung’s face-clustering technology that allows the device to group together images of the same face from different photographs (“Face-Clustering Data”)), or may utilize data that you generate independently (e.g. registering biometric data such as fingerprints to unlock your device or verify you in certain Services, or when you register your wake-up command in our Bixby Voice service).
All of this data remains on the device and is not transmitted to Samsung, nor does Samsung obtain or access this data.
Samsung does not share this data with third parties.
Face-Clustering Data will remain on your device until you clear the cache in your system settings, you reset your device to its factory setting, or you delete the photos from your device.
You can delete your registered biometric data or your wake-up command from your device at any time in the applicable settings.
Because Samsung does not have access to this data, Samsung cannot delete it.
Third-Party Web Analytics Services
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites,
devices, apps, and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services, such as Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics.
The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example,
to evaluate use of the Services or help administer the Services. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. To learn more about Firebase Analytics, please visit
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
.
Online Tracking And Interest-Based Advertising
Through certain Services, both we and various third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.
Samsung Ads
Our Samsung Ads service is designed to serve advertisements that are customized to users’ interests on Samsung and third-party platforms, devices, websites, and apps. Samsung Ads may deliver customized ads based on your demographic characteristics, preferences, choices, and interests by collecting certain information about your online activities as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Please see the Samsung Ads Privacy Notice
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/samsungads/ for more information, including information on how to opt out of receiving customized ads from Samsung Ads.
Ad networks
Because Samsung participates in various advertising networks, you may also see our ads on other websites or mobile apps. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests, and browsing context. These networks can track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web beacons, pixels, device identifiers, server logs, and other similar technologies. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing and app usage activities. The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users’ visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps. This data collection takes place both on certain Services and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the
U.S., please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices and
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the personal information we obtain to:
•provide and enhance our Services, such as registering you or your device for a Service, identifying and authenticating you so you may use and interact with our Services (such as your device) and third-party services, and improving and customizing your experience within the Services;
•provide ads, which may include targeted (or interest-based) ads delivered on your Samsung device or within certain Samsung-branded apps (where targeted or interest-based ads are available, if you turn off targeted or interest-based ads, you will receive generic ads);
•support our marketing activities and sales initiatives, and provide you with product and service recommendations;
•communicate with you;
•provide customer support;
•operate, evaluate, and improve our business, including developing new products and services, managing our communications, analyzing our Services and customer base, conducting market research, aggregating and anonymizing data, performing data analytics, and undertaking accounting, auditing, and other internal functions;
•protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and
•comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies, including this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use for a Service.
We may combine information we obtain about you for the purposes described
above. We also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we
provide specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your
consent.
Information Sharing
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates
and with service providers who perform services for us. We do not authorize
our service providers to use or disclose the information except as
necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal
requirements. In addition, we may share your personal information with our
business partners, such as wireless carriers, as well as third parties who
operate apps and services that connect with certain Services. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale” under certain state privacy laws.
We may share personal information we collect through the Services if you
ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent. We also may disclose
information about you in other circumstances, including:
• to law enforcement authorities, government or public agencies or
officials, regulators, and/or any other person or entity with appropriate
legal authority or justification for receipt of such information, if
required or permitted to do so by law or legal process;
• when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent
physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of
suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity; or
• in the event we may or do sell or transfer all or a portion of our
business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint
venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, or liquidation).
Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features
The Services may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices,
apps, and other features, which may operate independently from us and may
have their own privacy notices or policies. We strongly suggest you review
them. To the extent any linked website, device, app, or other feature is not
owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use, or
privacy practices.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we
obtain about you.
To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us,
or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us
section below.
The Services may offer choices related to the collection, deletion, and
sharing of certain information and communications about products, services,
and promotions that are unique to specific Services. You
can access the relevant settings of each Service to learn about choices
that may be available for that Service. If you decline to allow the
Services to collect, store, or share certain information, you may not be
able to enjoy full use of all of the features available through the
Services.
Subject to applicable law and to the extent applicable to each Service, you may (1)
request access to, or correction or deletion of, the personal information we maintain
about you; (2) request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal
information; or (3) opt out of the (a) sale of your personal information, (b) sharing
of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or (c)
processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. In addition,
subject to applicable law, you may receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format, certain of your personal information that you have provided to us. Subject to applicable
law, you may have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is
technically feasible.
How to Submit a Request: To submit an access, deletion or correction request, click here or
call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). To opt out of the (a) sale of your personal information,
(b) sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or (c)
processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, click here or call us
at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864).
To submit a request as an authorized agent on an individual’s behalf, please click
here or call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864).
Subject to applicable law, you may appeal our decision with respect to a request
you have submitted by clicking here.
Notice to California Residents
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights,
please see our California Consumer Privacy Statement at www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/california.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain
through the Services.
Children’s Personal Information
Unless otherwise specified, the Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed at children. In connection with the Services, we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will either seek parental consent or promptly delete that information. If you believe that a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Updates To This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior
notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with
respect to the Services. We will indicate at the top of the policy when it
was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
You can contact us to update your preferences, update or correct your
information, submit a request, or ask us questions at:
Privacy Office
Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
85 Challenger Road
Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
NAPrivacy@sea.samsung.com
Footer Navigation
Shop
open
Phones
Tablets
Watches
Accessories
Mobile Audio
TV & Home Theater
Computing
Monitors
Memory & Storage
Home Appliances
Smart Home
Samsung Experience Store
Apps & Services
Shop Certified Re-Newed
Samsung Authorized Reseller Program
Support
open
Chat with Us
Product Support
Order Support
Your Account
Register Your Product
Contact Us
Samsung Community
CEO’s Office
Give Your Opinion
Offers
open
Offers
Samsung Rewards
Referral Program
Student & Education Offer Program
Government Offer Program
Military Offer Program
Employee Offer Program
First Responders Offer Program
Business Offer Program
Sustainability
open
Overview
Environment
Digital Responsibility
Security and Privacy
Accessibility
Labor & Human Rights
Diversity · Equity · Inclusion
Sustainable Supply Chain
Corporate Sustainability
Corporate Citizenship
About Us
open
Leadership & Mission
Our Business
Brand Identity
Careers
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Ethics
Samsung Design
Copyright© 1995-2023 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.
USA/ENGLISH
USA/ENGLISH
Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal information
Legal
Accessibility Help
Sitemap
STAY IN THE LOOP?
Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App
Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more!
Get the app
Or continue shopping on Samsung.com
×
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
GET
×
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
GET
×
You Are About To Be Redirected To Investor Relations Information for U.S.
Thank you for visiting Samsung U.S. Investor Relations. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U.S. investor relations information.
CANCELCONTINUE
×
Redirect Notification
As of Nov. 1, 2017, the Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. printer business and its related affiliates were transferred to HP Inc.
For more information, please visit HP's website: http://www.hp.com/go/samsung
* For Samsung Supplies information go to: www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies
* For S.T.A.R. Program cartridge return & recycling go to: www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling
* For Samsung printer support or service go to: www.hp.com/support/samsung
Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.
CANCELCONTINUE