Effective Date: July 2022
Welcome to the privacy notice for
T.J. Maxx, a division of The TJX Companies, Inc. (“TJX”).
TJX, T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Homesense, Sierra Trading Post, Inc., and other affiliates are the “TJX Businesses.” This Privacy Notice pertains to the personal information we collect about our customers in our stores, on our websites,
via mobile apps, and through interest-based online advertising.  The Privacy Notice describes:what we obtain,
how to opt-out of cookies,
how we may use the information we obtain,
how we share that information,
your choices and options regarding the information, and
how you can contact us regarding our privacy practices.
Information We Obtain
We may obtain certain personal information from you in connection with your activities at T.J. Maxx, such as when you shop on our websites or in our stores. This information may include: payment card or other financial account information; contact, billing, and shipping information (including name, e-mail address, postal address, and phone number); shopping history;driver’s license number, military identification or state-issued picture identification;date of birth; geolocation data; andother personal information you provide to us on our website(s), via mobile apps, on feedback forms, in our stores or when you interact with us in other ways, both online and offline.   Additionally, we or companies acting on our behalf may collect certain computer and browser information through automated technologies such as cookies and web beacons when you visit our websites (whether or not you have signed in as a registered user)
or otherwise interact with us online. A “cookie” is a file that a website sends to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to identify the browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web
beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.  The information collected using these tools may include your IP address, the address of the web page that referred you to our websites, dates and times of website visits and the location of your device. These automated technologies also permit the
collection of “clickstream data,” which may include a log of content you access while browsing a website.  Companies acting on our behalf may combine the information collected from your visit to our website(s) with other information
they have collected previously. Opt-out From/Restrict Cookies and Online Behavioral Advertising
Your web browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict, reject or disable certain cookies (but please note that we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals from web browsers). Additionally,
you may opt-out of data collection from certain companies that we use to collect information from users of our website(s).  We use a company called Certona to collect and analyze information about the use of our website(s), which we use in part to help customize each user’s shopping experience and to offer you products.  To learn more about
Certona’s collection and analysis of information
by automated means, including how to opt out.
We also use a company called Adobe to collect and analyze information about the use of our website(s).  To learn more about
Adobe’s collection and analysis of information
by automated means, including how to opt out.
We also use a company called Google to collect and analyze information about the use of our website(s).  This information helps us serve relevant advertisements to you on Google, and also helps us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing
campaigns.  If you have an account with Google,
manage your advertising settings
, otherwise you can manage these settings through your web browser as is described above.
We also use a company called Facebook to collect and analyze information about the use of our website(s). This information helps us serve relevant advertisements to you on Facebook, and also helps us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing
campaigns. If you have an account with Facebook,
manage your advertising settings
.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
When we obtain information about you, we may use it for a number of purposes, including to:Process, manage, complete and account for transactions, including purchases and refund, exchange and layaway requests; Provide our products and services to you and fulfill your orders; Identify your product and service preferences;  Improve merchandise selections and customer service; Invite you to participate in customer research; Notify you about products, services, features, promotions, events and special offerings relating to the TJX Businesses we think you will find valuable; Provide customer support and respond to your requests, comments and inquiries;Create and manage online accounts you establish;Enroll you in and administer our loyalty and other rewards programs upon your request;Administer your participation in promotions, contests and sweepstakes;Verify your identity in certain instances (such as when you pay by check, return merchandise, request a refund, or exercise certain rights you may have under applicable law);  Secure our operations and protect against, identify and help prevent fraud, unauthorized activity, claims and other liabilities and minimize credit risk; Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, our policies, and our
Terms of Use
; and
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing products and services, managing our communications, performing market research, and administering our websites and mobile apps).We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. In addition, we use information collected online through automated means for purposes such as (i) remembering your information so you do not have to re-enter it; (ii) customizing our users’ visits to our websites or experience in a mobile app;
(iii) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse or interact with us; (iv) measuring and managing the effectiveness of our communications, online and offline advertisements,
and events;(v) tracking and understanding how you use and interact with our websites and mobile apps; and (vi) managing our business. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our websites and mobile
apps, measure the usability of our websites and mobile apps, identify users of our websites and mobile apps, and gather demographic information about our users. We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our
websites and mobile apps, how users navigate through our websites and our mobile apps, and how we may tailor our offerings to better meet the needs of our users. In order for us to maintain the accuracy of your personal information and improve
our communication with you, we also may supplement the information we collect with other public demographic information.  Information We Share
We may share your personal information among the TJX Businesses (which are affiliates owned by TJX, including Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading Post, Inc., Winners, HomeSense, and T.K. Maxx). They may use this information to offer products and
services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this statement. Your information may also be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation)
involving all or part of the TJX Businesses or as part of a stock sale or other change in corporate control.
If a contest, sweepstakes or promotion is jointly-sponsored by us and one or more other sponsors, your information may be shared with such sponsors. We do not control other sponsors' use of your personal information, and their use of your information
will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may choose not to participate in such jointly sponsored contests, sweepstakes or promotions. Such offerings may also
be subject to additional rules and regulations governing your participation.   We also may share certain personal information we collect about you with partners or third parties who perform services for us or with whom we contract for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, we may use third parties to host
our websites or mobile apps, operate certain of its features, send e-mails, print or send mailings, run our sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, conduct customer research, authorize and process your payments, manage and analyze data and
our advertising effectiveness, and fulfill orders. We do not authorize our service providers to retain, use or disclose the personal information we share with them except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
When you apply for the TJX Rewards™ Card, we share the information you provide with the financial institution that issues the card, and it is that institution’s privacy policy that applies to the information you provide on the TJX Rewards™
Card application.
We also may disclose personal information (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) to establish, exercise
or defend our legal rights; (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (v) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) otherwise with
your consent.Children's Privacy
Our websites are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13.External Online Services and Features
For your convenience and information, our websites may provide links to other online services, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins.  These online services and third-party features may operate independently
from us. The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked
online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by TJX, we are not responsible for these third parties’ information practices.How We Protect Your Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information. However, we cannot guaranty the effectiveness of these
safeguards, and nothing in this notice shall be construed as an express or implied warranty against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.    Your Options
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, you may contact us as described in the
Contact Information section.  You also may use the following options:
Opt-Out From E-mail and/or Postal Mail
You can opt-out of receiving promotional e-mail and/or postal mail from us by doing the following: If you have an account with us on the tjmaxx.tjx.com, you may click on the “Email Preferences” tab of your “My Account” page. If you originally signed up for
T.J. Maxx e-mail,
you can opt-out from that e-mail, and clicking on the “unsubscribe” link.
If you have received an e-mail from
T.J. Maxx, you can opt-out from receiving further e-mails by
following the opt-out or “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the e-mail you received.
Contact
Customer Service, Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) at the toll-free number 1-800-926-6299 if you do not want to receive promotional e-mail and/or postal mail communications from us in the future. Please specify
if you would like to opt out of e-mail, or postal mail, or both. If you have already received communications from us, it will expedite the opt-out process if you are prepared to provide us with the exact name, and e-mail and/or postal mail
addresses under which you have been receiving communications from us.
Please note that any opt-out for postal mail may take at least sixty (60) days to become effective. Also, you may still receive e-mail or postal mail from other members of the TJX Businesses if they received your e-mail or postal address from other
sources or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you, or if you request to hear from us again. Contact Information
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Notice, or if you wish to update the personal information you have provided to us, you may do so by:Writing to us at the following address:
T.J. Maxx
770 Cochituate Road
Framingham, MA 01701
Attn: Customer Service - Privacy Notice
Calling customer service Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) at the following toll-free numbers:
Stores 1-800-926-6299 or
Online 1-833-888-0776
Changes to Our Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices. We will post a prominent notice on the site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate
when it was most recently updated. For California Consumers
This California section supplements the
T.J. Maxx Privacy Notice
and applies solely to California consumers (excluding TJX Companies, Inc. personnel).
Collection and Disclosure
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of our
Privacy Notice, we may have:
Collected the following categories of personal information about you:
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias;
telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers;signature, state identification card number, education, credit card number, debit card number, bank account number and other financial information;characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, sex, gender, gender identity, and military and veteran status; commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements; geolocation data;electronic, visual, and similar information; and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
from you or your devices, for example, through your interactions with us in our stores or on our website or mobile apps;our affiliates and other TJX Businesses;our vendors and consultants;our business partners;publicly available sources;social media networks; and online advertising companies.Collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes in addition to the purposes listed above in our Privacy Notice:
performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services,
providing analytics services, or providing similar services;auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; andundertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured,
manufactured for, or controlled by us;  Shared your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
our affiliates and other TJX Businesses; vendors who provide services on our behalf;professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms;our joint marketing partners;  financial institutions;our business partners;third-party marketers (who may combine your personal information with their own records, and records available from other sources), for their own direct marketing purposes, and the direct marketing purposes of other third-party marketers;
and government entities, including law enforcement.Sold, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act, the following categories of personal information about you:
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias;
telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers;commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements; and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Sold personal information about you for the following commercial purposes:enabling other TJX brands to market to you; andidentifying or linking Internet activity.We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.Disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about you:
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias;
telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other
similar identifiers;signature, state identification card number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information;characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, sex, gender, gender identity, medical condition, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status; commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements; geolocation data;electronic, visual, and similar information;  professional or employment-related information; andinferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.California Consumer Privacy Rights
You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; andthe categories of personal information about you that we sold or
disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or
disclosed that information for a business purpose.
In addition, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.
You also have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. When using our website, you may opt-out of sales made via cookies on the site by
visiting our cookie management tool to control the settings in your browser and disable such sales. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation.
For all other requests, including to opt-out of sales of your data to other TJX brands, you may contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us
section of our
Privacy Notice.  To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.  To the extent permitted
by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights. MetricsBelow are metrics regarding Requests to Know, Requests to Delete and Requests to Opt-Out submitted pursuant to the CCPA that the TJX Businesses received, complied with (in whole or in part), and denied between January 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021.
These requests as compiled and disclosed are for all individuals, not just California consumers.Requests to Know Total Requests: 3Requests Denied: 0 Median Time to Complete (days): 16 Requests to Delete Total Requests: 728Requests Denied: 0 Median Time to Complete (days): 41 Requests to Opt-Out Total Requests: 3414Requests Denied: 0 Median Time to Complete (days): 1