Privacy Policy (Buyers Version)
Update date: Jul 28, 2022
Effective date: Aug 4, 2022
Please contact us using the details below if you have any doubt, comment or suggestion about this Policy or
personal information protection. In general, we will reply within 7 working days.
E-mail: [email protected]，[email protected]
Customer service hotline: 86-25-6667 7777
Reminder
Your trust is very important to us. We know very well the importance of personal
information to you. We will, in accordance with laws and regulations, and to the best of our
ability, take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information.
Focus Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "us" or "Focus
Technology", contact address: No. 7, Lijing Road, Jiangbei New Area, Nanjing, Jiangsu) attaches
importance to protecting the personal information and personal privacy of users. This Privacy Policy
contains the terms regarding personal information (hereinafter referred to as “Information") between
us and Users (hereinafter referred to as "You") in relation to the use of the App client
(Google Play: Made-in-China B2B Trade Online, Apple App Store: Made-in-China B2B Trade
App, hereinafter referred to as "Buyer App") of Made-in-China.com.
Please note that this Policy does not apply to services provided to
you by any other third party, which shall be subject to the privacy policy separately described by
the third party to you.
Before using our products or services, please read carefully and
understand this Privacy Policy, especially the terms in bold/underlined in bold, to
help you understand how to maintain your privacy. Do not use our products or services before you
have fully understood and agreed to the terms. Please be noted that important terms of this Policy
which are (may be) closely related to your interests have been specifically reminded with clear
marks for your reading. If you have any doubt about this Privacy Policy, you may suspend using it
and contact us through the contact information we publish. When you use our services, you are deemed
to have agreed that we may collect, process, store, use and protect your PI in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will be translated into different language
versions through translation software, including but not limited to English, Japanese, French,
Spanish, etc.. Should there be any conflict between the different language versions, the Chinese version shall
prevail.
This Privacy Policy section will help you learn:
I. How We Collect and Use Your PI
II. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
III. How We Share, Transfer and Publicly Disclose Your PI
IV. How We Protect Your PI
V. How You Manage Your PI
VI. How We Handle Minors' PI
VII. How Your PI is Transferred Worldwide
VIII. How This Privacy Policy Will Be Updated
I. How We Collect and Use Your PI
We will retain the information on the services you use and the way you use them to
improve the quality of services and user experience. Different products have different functions
and the collection of fields varies from system to system. We make the following
instructions with respect to your PI collected for corresponding products you use:
(I) PI you provide actively during our provision of products and/or services to
you
We need to collect your PI to realize the Buyer App’s business functions. The
following will list in detail the personal information you voluntarily provide during the product
and/or service process to realize the basic business functions of the Buyer App and the personal
information that is collected for the realization of this function. If you refuse to provide such
PI, the business function cannot be used. Please note that if you provide PI of others, please make
sure that you have obtained the authorization from the relevant subject.
1. Membership services: to register as a member and use our membership
services, you need to provide the member name and password to be used, the mailbox address
and password to create a platform account. If you only need to use browsing and search
services, you do not need to register as our member and provide the above PI. We
mainly collect your email address, country, name, company name, mobile phone number and
sourcing products, type of company, annual purchase volume, purchase frequency and other
information. Such PI is collected to implement the service terms of Buyer App
and provide you with the services we promise, so that potential partners or our staff can
contact you in a timely manner to facilitate trade cooperation or solve possible problems.
You can modify the above contents by logging in with the member name and password or the
mailbox address and password.
2. Marketing activities: when you participate in a lucky draw or claim
discount coupons, if you win the prize, you also need to provide the name, mobile
phone number, address and nickname of the winner, so that we can contact
you when distributing the prize, but we will display PI of the winner in an
anonymous manner.
3. Advertisement push: to better provide you with recommended
services, we may reasonably send you commercial advertisements, latest information on
management and commodities of the platform, as well as other service notices that are
necessary to be notified to registered users, or display personalized third-party promotion
information to you through the system. In case You do not wish to receive such
information, You can unsubscribe through the corresponding unsubscribe function (or
through the contact information at the beginning of this article).
4. Functions necessary for the services related to cloud exhibition: when
you participate in an online cloud exhibition through Buyer App, we need toactivate
the authority of the camera and microphone in the device you use to complete the
complete video recording and the functions attached to the recording
process, and secure your consent in the form of a pop-up window when you
activate the authority for the first time; if you refuse to activate the authority of the
camera and microphone, you will not be able to complete the video recording. During
the live recording process, we will record and save all the dynamic and static pictures
you show and display them to other users. Meanwhile, we will monitor your video screen
in real time to ensure that your video content conforms to laws and regulations as well
as public order and good customs according to the relevant national laws and
regulations.
5. Customer services: When you contact us, we may record your
conversations with us and collect other necessary PI for resolving the problem in
order to verify your identity and help you resolve the problem.
6. Picture/document access and uploading function: you can use picture
tools to normally upload pictures to the material library, and release/reply to the
inquiry/RFQ by quickly selecting the attached inquiry/RFQ function.
7. Instant communication function: you may chat with suppliers
through TradeMessenger on goods browsing, bargaining and supplier exhibition pages.
We might get chat records; send message reminders of TradeMessenger, etc.
(II) PI we collect and use actively during our provision of products and/or services to
you
During your use of our services, in order to identify the abnormity of your
account, understand the adaptability of our product, and provide you with page display and search
results that better meet your needs, we may automatically collect your usage information and store
it as a weblog, which contains:
1. Device Information: We will receive and record, according to the
specific operations during your installation and/or use of software, information
about the device you are using (including but not limited to the device model, version
of the operating system, device settings, unique device identifier, device environment,
mobile application list, IP address and operator information) and information about the
location of your device (including but not limited to the GPS location authorized by
you).
2. Service log information: During your use of the products or services
provided by our website or at client, we will automatically collect the detailed information
on how you use our services and will save it as a service log, including but not
limited to information you browsed, contents you viewed, your transactions, contents you
followed and shared, information you published, and your operations, time of operations
and abnormity in the service log..
Please note that the device information or the service log
information cannot be used to identify a specific natural person when used alone. This type
of non-PI, when used by us in connection with other information to identify a specific
natural person, or with other PI, will be considered as PI, and will be anonymized or
de-identified by us, except as otherwise authorized by you or provided for by relevant laws
and regulations.
(III) We obtain your PI from a third party
We may collect and use your PI from third parties (our partners) within the scope
of your authorization or consent. We guarantee that your PI is handled in strict accordance with the
contracts with third parties and the relevant legal provisions. Meanwhile, please carefully read the
privacy policy and user agreement of the third parties in detail. If you refuse the
collection, use or communication by a third party of your PI when the third party is providing
services, you might not be able to use the corresponding services of Buyer App.
1. Third-party login: we may share your account information (head
portrait, nickname and other page information) with third parties with your consent, so that
you can easily realize the registration or login of third-party accounts (such as
Facebook/LinkedIn/Twitter/Google/Apple account). In addition, we may obtain your
third-party account information from third parties based on your authorization and bind such
information with your platform accounts, so that you can directly log in through third-party
accounts, and use our products and/or services. We will use your relevant information within
the scope of your authorization or consent.
2. Following and sharing: in the process of browsing our website or
client, you can choose to add the products and/or services you are interested in to your
favorites, follow merchants/brands/other members you are interested in, and share
information with other third parties through the function components provided by us.
In the process of your using the above functions, we will collect the service log
information, including your favorites, what you follow and your share history, for the
purpose of realizing the above functions and other purposes explicitly notified by
us.
(IV) The relevant business functions of this product will require the access authority
of your device set out as follows:
When you use this software, this software may obtain your authority below
to provide you with services. You may either refuse to grant the following authority or close the
following authority of the software in the mobile settings. Closing the authority will not affect
the use of other functions of this software.
The authority to access your device that might be activated to realize the relevant
business functions is set out below on a one-by-case basis:
Business Scene
Description
Authority to Access the Device
Contact supplier
Send an inquiry to the supplier
Authority to access photo albums, authority to access the camera, uploading attachments,
and camera authority
Publish procurement requirements
Authority to access photo albums, authority to access the camera, uploading attachments,
and camera authority
Reply to a supplier's e-mail
Authority to access photo albums, authority to access the camera, uploading attachments,
and camera authority
Chat with a supplier
Authority to access photo albums, save-to-album function, authority to access the
camera,uploading attachments, downloading attachments, camera authority, and
microphone authority
Meeting room
Authority to access photo albums, save-to-album function, authority to access the
camera,uploading attachments, downloading attachments, camera authority, and
microphone authority
Image search
Image search
Authority to access photo albums, authority to access the camera, and camera authority
Scan QR code on the homepage
Scan QR code on the homepage
Authority to access photo albums and camera authority
Message push
Send an inquiry reminder, procurement requirements reminder, message reminder of
TradeMessenger
Activate push authorityRead the status of the mobile phone and identity
System notification and subscription
(V) Other purposes
We will use your PI in compliance with legal provisions or according to your
authorization in order to provide you with services, improve our service quality and optimize your
service experience
1. We may use your PI to verify your identity and prevent, detect or
investigate the acts that might have fraud, endanger security, are illegal or breach our or
affiliates' agreements, policies or rules to protect the legitimate rights and interests of
yours, other users, us or affiliates.
2. Let you participate in the survey of our products and services to
improve your user experience and our service quality.
3. We may combine PI and transaction information from a service with the
information obtained from other services for integrated statistics, analysis or processing,
so as to provide you with more personalized services.
4. If the PI to be provided by you contains any PI of other
users, you must ensure that you have obtained the legal authorization thereof before
providing such PI to Buyer App.
If any PI about a child is involved, you shall obtain
the consent of the guardian thereof before releasing such PI. In the foregoing case, the
guardian has the right to contact us through the channels provided in this Policy,
requesting for correction or deletion of any PI about the child.
5. Other purposes agreed or authorized by you.
(VI) Exceptions to authorization or consent
According to the relevant laws and regulations, we may collect and use some necessary PI without your
authorization or consent under the following circumstances:
A. where it is related to our compliance with the obligations under the laws and regulations;
B. where it is directly related to national security or defense security;
C. where it is directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;
D. where it is directly related to criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials and enforcement
of court decisions;
E. where it is difficult to obtain your consent but the purpose is to protect your or other
individuals' vital legitimate interests such as life and property;
F. where the PI involved is disclosed to the public by you;
G. where it is necessary according to the long-term and cumulative contracts between you and us;
H. where your PI is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as
legitimate news and reports, and government information disclosure channels;
I. where it is necessary for maintaining safe and stable operation of our products and/or
services, such as identification or disposal of product or service failures;
J. other circumstances as provided for by laws and regulations.
II. How We Use Cookies
To ensure normal operation of the website, provide you with a better user experience, and
push to you contents that may interest you, we will store, in your computer or mobile device, cookies, Flash
cookies or browsers (or associated applications) which typically provide local storage for identifiers, site
names, and some numbers and characters, among others (collectively "Cookies") . With the help of Cookies,
our website can store data about your preferences or products in your shopping cart, etc.
As long as your browser or browser add-on service permits, you may modify the acceptance
level of Cookies or reject our Cookies. For details, see AboutCookies.org. However, if you do so, your safe
access to our website may be affected in certain circumstances, and you may need to modify user settings
each time you visit our website.
III. How We Share, Transfer and Publicly Disclose Your PI
(I) Sharing
We will not share your PI with any companies, organizations or individuals, with
the following exceptions:
1. Sharing in statutory circumstances: we might share your PI externally according to laws and
regulations, the needs for litigation or dispute resolution, or the requirements put forward by
administrative and judicial organs under the law.
2. Sharing with explicit consent: we will share your PI with other parties with your explicit
consent.
3. Sharing based on your active choice: for the PI that is publicized by you or we can obtain
from other legally open channels, as well as the PI you provide through Buyer App, we will share
the necessary PI relating to the transaction in your order with the provider of the relevant
products or services based on your choice, so as to achieve your needs for the transaction and
after-sales services.
4. Sharing with affiliates: your PI may be shared with our affiliates and/or service
providers designated by them to facilitate our provision of products and services to you based
on the account, recommend the information that may interest you, identify the abnormalities in
the membership account, and protect your personal property from infringement. We will
only share necessary PI and are bound by the purposes stated herein. In case that there is a
need for us to share your sensitive PI, or our affiliates need to alter the purpose or the way
of processing your PI, we will seek your authorization or consent again.
5. Sharing with authorized partners: in order to provide you with products and services that are
perfect and of high-quality, certain services of Buyer App will be provided by the partners.
Therefore, we may entrust authorized partners to provide you with certain services or to
perform our functions on behalf of us. We will only share your PI for the lawful,
legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes stated herein. The authorized partners may
only have access to the PI required for their performance of their duties, and may not use such
PI for any other purpose. We will not permit our partners to sub-transfer any PI about a
child.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types:
1) Partners providing advertisement monitoring, data statistics and
data analysis services
Without your permission, we will not share your identity information with our
partners that provide advertising and analysis services. Our partners will help us process
information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but we will not provide them with
your identity information, or we will de-identify such information so that it does not identify
you personally. The above partners may combine the above information with other data they have
legally obtained to provide the advertising services or implement our decision-making.
2) Suppliers, service providers and other partners
We will send information to suppliers, service providers and other partners
who provide us with business support, including providing technical infrastructure services,
hardware and software product services or system product services, analyzing how our services
are used, evaluating the effectiveness of our advertising and services, providing customer
services or payment facilities, conducting academic research and surveys, and providing
third-party products that need to be accessed by logging in to Buyer App and using services of
authorized software or Buyer App.
In the process of dealing with sensitive PI, we will take technical measures
to process the PI, and disconnect your association with specific information such as your
identity so as not to identify a specific individual. If you refuse to provide PI that
is necessary for our partners to provide services, you might not be able to use the services
provided by the partners through Buyer App.
3) If you participate in a lucky draw or similar advertising promotion, your
information (name, phone number (including mobile phone number), and address) will be provided
to courier service providers, such as SF Express, YTO Express and DHL (as indicated on the
website), or the relevant suppliers to the extent necessary for Buyer App or prizes and goods
suppliers to deliver the relevant prizes and goods to you.
4) When you complete your order on our website, we will randomly invite you to
rate and review on our products or services on third-party review platforms. If you choose to
participate, your information (email and order number) will be provided to the third-party review
platforms.
(II) Transfer
We will not transfer your PI to any company, organization, or individual except
under the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with explicit consent: we will transfer your PI to other parties
with your explicit consent;
2. When the transfer of PI is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset transfer,
bankruptcy liquidation, or similar situation, we will require the new company or organization to
which your PI is transferred to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy; otherwise we will
require the new company or organization to seek your authorization or consent again.
(III) Public disclosure
Your PI is an important part of our services for you. We will abide by the legal
provisions to keep your PI confidential. We will only publicly disclose your PI under the following
circumstances:
1. After we obtain your explicit consent;
2. Statutory disclosure: we might publicly disclose your PI in situations
where there are mandatory requirements from laws, legal procedures, litigation, or competent
government departments.
3. Upon confirming your violation of laws or regulations or severe violation of
relevant agreements or rules of Buyer App, or for the purpose of protecting the personal and
property safety of Buyer APP users or the public from damage, we may disclose your PI to the
extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations or with your consent.
4. According to the legal provisions and reasonable commercial habits, when we plan to merge
with other entities or be acquired or carry out other activities on the capital market
(including IPO and bond issuance), and when we need to accept due diligence conducted by other
subjects under other circumstances, we will provide your PI for the necessary subjects, provided
that we will sign a confidentiality agreement with such subjects, requiring them to take
reasonable confidentiality measures for your PI.
5. Buyer App may disclose to the public and share with any third party in
partnership with Buyer App the big data analysis results being removed of personal
identification data through statistical processing.
(IV) Cases involving the embedding of third-party codes or plug-ins for transmission of PI
are as follows:
Our application will be embedded with the SDK or other similar applications of authorized
partners to enable you to use the services and functions described above. When providing you with
products and services, third parties might ask for the following authority. Please carefully read
and observe the user agreements and privacy policies of the third parties.
SDK Name
Name of Third-party Institution
Purpose of Collection and Use
Range of PI Collected
XiaomiPush
Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd.
Xiaomi mobile phones receive the push
Retrieve running applications. For more information, please visit:
https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
TencentXGPush
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Non-Xiaomi mobile phones receive the push
Use Bluetooth, read external memory cards, input entries to external memory cards, and
retrieve running applications. For more information, please visit:
https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470
URORAPush
Shenzhen Hexun Huagu Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Message push
Retrieve running applications. For more information, please visit:
https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy
youdao
Beijing Netease Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd.
Provide accurate and convenient translation functions for inquiries
For more information, please visit:
http://shared.youdao.com/dict/market/youdaoInc-v2.1/index.html#/CN
TencentShortViedo
Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd.
Meeting room and live streaming function
For more information, please visit:
https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470
TencentRTMP
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Tencent video calls
Use Bluetooth, read status of the mobile phone and identity, record audios, and retrieve
running applications. For more information, please visit:
https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470
TencentLiteAV
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Meeting room and live streaming function
Get rough locations, get accurate locations, cameras, read external memory cards, read
status of the mobile phone and identity, record audios, input entries of external memory
cards, retrieve running applications, and background geolocation. For more information,
please visit:
https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470
OpenPlatformforWeChat
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Sharing and following functions of WeChat
For more information, please visit:
https://open.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/frame?t=news/protocol_developer_tmpl
FacebookShare
Facebook
Facebook share
For more information, please visit:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
FacebookAccountLogin
Facebook
FacebookAccountLogin
For more information, please visit:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
FacebookAnalytics
Facebook
Tracking and measurement results of social media
For more information, please visit:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Twitter
Twitter
Twitter account login and share
For more information, please visit:
https://help.twitter.com/zh-cn/rules-and-policies
SensorsDataAnalysis
Sensors Data Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Statistical analysis of data
Check the WLAN connection, read status of the mobile phone and identity (5) and high
sensitivity, and retrieve running applications. For more information, please visit:
https://www.sensorsdata.cn/compliance/privacy.html
GooglePlayAnalytics
Google
Statistical analysis of applications
For more information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=HK&hl=zh-CN
GoogleAccountLogin
Google
Google account login and share
For more information, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=HK&hl=zh-CN
iFLYTEK
iFLYTEK Co., Ltd.
Speech translation
Check the WLAN connection, get rough locations, get accurate locations, read external
memory cards, record audios, input entries of external memory cards, retrieve running
applications, and background geolocation. For more information, please visit:
http://www.iflytek.com/privacy
Appsflyer
AppsFlyer Ltd.
Generate deep links.
Visit fine location, phone state. For more information, Please visit:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
huawei.hms
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
Huawei update services.
Visit phone storage, get tasks，Wifi state. For more information, Please visit:
https://www.huawei.com/us/privacy-policy
huawei.agconnect
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
Huawei mobile phone message push.
Retrieve running applications. For more information, Please visit:
https://www.huawei.com/us/privacy-policy
umeng
Beijing Ruixun Lintong Technology Co., Ltd.
Statistical analysis of data.
Visit Mac、Unique device ID（IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID、SIM card IMSI
messaeg）、Geographic location information for anti cheating. For more information, Please
visit:
https://www.umeng.com/page/policy?spm=a211eg.10560647.0.0.547034dcafEUZJ
Volley
Google Inc.
Data reporting and request.
Get user account list. For more information, Please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy#infocollect
Zxing
Google Inc
Scan QR code.
Visit phone camera. For more information, Please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy#infocollect
ExoPlayer
Google Inc.
Video play.
Visit Wifi state. For more information, Please visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy#infocollect
EasyAR
Cichen Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Remote assistance in meeting room.
Visit phone camera, phone storage, Microphone. For more information, Please visit:
https://www.easyar.cn/view/protocol.html
Fresco
Facebook, Inc.（open source）
Load images.
Visit phone storage, contacts. For more information, Please visit:
https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy
Glide
GitHub, Inc.（open source）
Load images.
Visit phone storage. For more information, Please visit:
https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement
UniversalImageLoader
GitHub, Inc.（open source）
Load images.
Visit phone storage. For more information, Please visit:
https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement
Some third-party SDKs or similar applications that we access may collect your PI. For example, when
you use services provided by third parties in our services, you agree that such third parties may
collect and process your PI. The situations where individual services are connected to third-party
SDKs may vary. For details of individual services' specific connection to third-party SDKs, please
consult the specific clauses and related pages for individual services at corresponding service
pages. You may also choose to contact us through the contact information specified in this
Policy. We will answer you within 7 working days.
The above third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant
third parties. If you use such third-party social media services or other services (including
providing any information for such third parties), you shall be bound by the third parties' own
service terms and information protection statement (not this Policy), and you need to read them
carefully. This Policy applies only to the PI we collect and does not apply to the services
provided by any third party or third-party information use rules. If you find any risk in such
third-party social media or other services, it is recommended that you terminate the relevant
operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests and contact us in a timely
manner.
IV. How We Protect Your PI
(I) In order to safeguard your information security, we will endeavor to protect your PI by using
physical, electronic, and managing security measures in line with industry standards to prevent
unauthorized access or damage to, or public disclosure, use, modification or loss of your PI. We
will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no PI irrelevant to the realization of
services and functions is collected.
(II) The PI and materials about you collected by Buyer App may be stored and processed at the
location of our company and/or our affiliates, and may also be stored and processed at the
information subjects who we deem necessary to know such information. We will delete your PI after
you de-register your account.
We will only retain your PI for a period necessary for achieving the
purposes described in this Policy, and delete or anonymously dispose of your PI upon expiration of
the above period, unless otherwise required laws and regulations.
(III) Since the Internet is by no means an absolutely secure environment, we strongly
recommend that you assist us in ensuring your account security by safe means and using complicated
passwords.
When using Buyer App's services, you will inevitably disclose your PI to the
potential counterparty. Please protect your PI properly and provide it for others only in the
necessary circumstances. If you find a leakage of your PI, especially your account name or password,
please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
Public information refers to any information that you voluntarily and
publicly share. Anyone can view or access such information during use and future use of Buyer App.
It shall be noted that the PI you voluntarily share in using our services may involve PI or even
sensitive PI about you or others. Please consider more carefully whether you share or even make
public relevant PI when using our services.
The Internet environment is not 100% safe. We will do our best to guarantee the
safety of any PI you send to us. If your legitimate rights or interests are damaged due to any
unauthorized access to, or public disclosure, falsification or destruction of your PI as a result of
damage to our physical, technical, or managing or protective facilities, we will bear corresponding
legal liability.
(IV) If, unfortunately, any PI security incident occurs, we will, in accordance with the requirements
of laws and regulations, promptly notify you of: the basic information about and possible impact of
the incident, measures we have taken or are about to take, suggestions for you on how you should
prevent and reduce risks by yourself and remedies to be offered to you. We will promptly notify you
of relevant information about the incident by email, letter, telephone or push notification or, if
it is difficult to notify each PI subject, make a public announcement in a reasonable and effective
manner.
At the same time, we will also actively report how the PI security incidents are handled in
accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
V. How You Manage Your PI
We attach great importance to your attention to PI and make every effort to protect your right to
inquiry, correct and delete your PI, de-register an account, and withdraw your consent, so that you have
sufficient capabilities to guarantee your privacy and security.
You can access and manage your PI by:
(I) Inquiring, correcting and supplementing your PI
You have the right to inquiry, correct or supplement your PI. You can do so by yourself in the
following ways:
1. You may click the arrow pointing to the right of "Login Account" on the member information page of
Buyer App. After log-in, click my account on Buyer App>>click the portrait to view your PI.
2. You may view your PI on the account information page of Buyer App, and click the arrow pointing to
the right of "Name" "Mailbox" "Address" "Phone Number" and "Company Information" to correct and
supplement your PI.
(II) Deleting your PI
You may delete some of your PI by the ways specified in "(I) Inquirying,
correcting and supplementing your PI."
You can submit a request to delete your PI to us under the following
circumstances:
1. If our processing of PI violates laws or regulations;
2. If we collected and used your PI without your consent;
3. If our processing of PI breaches our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services or you have voluntarily
cancelled your account;
5. If we no longer provide you with products or services permanently.
When we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also inform
entities obtaining your PI from us and ask them to delete the same without delay, unless
otherwise provided for by laws and regulations, or such entities have obtained your independent
authorization.
After relevant information has been deleted by you, with or
without our help, we may not be able to delete the corresponding information from the backup
system immediately due to the restriction of applicable laws or security technologies. We will
retain your PI in a safe manner and further isolate it from other information till the backup
can be deleted or anonymized.
(III) Changing the scope of your authorization or consent
Each business function needs some basic PI to be completed (see Part I of this
Privacy Policy). In addition, you can check the activation status of the above authority on a
case-by-case basis in my account module (usually the push authorization is "Settings -
Noticification") of Buyer App, and decide to activate or close such authority at any time (we will
instruct you to complete the settings in your device system). You can also withdraw all the
authorizations for us to continue to collect your PI by de-registering the account.
Please note that you are deemed to have authorized us to collect and use
such PI to realize the above functions by activitating such authority, or have cancelled such
authorizations by closing such autority, in which case we will no longer collect and use your PI or
provide you with the functions corresponding to such authorizations. Your decision to close the
authority will not affect the previous processing of PI based on your authorizations.
(IV) De-registering your account
You can contact Live Chat Service or you can ask for help through the contact
information at the beginning of this article, we will assist you in closing your account.
After you voluntarily de-register your account, we will stop providing
you with products or services, delete your PI according to applicable laws, or anonymize
it.
(V) Restricting automated decision-making by information system
For some business functions, decisions are made solely based on an automated
decision-making mechanism such as information system and algorithm. If these decisions significantly
affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask for our explanation and we
will make proper remedies.
(VI) Responding to your above-mentioned requests
For security, you might be required to submit written requests or prove your
identity by other means. We might ask you to verify your identity before handling your requests.
Generally, we will reply to you within 7 business days. If you are not satisfied,
you may submit a complaint through our Live Chat service, Submit a Complaint on PC (please click) or by the contact
information at the beginning of this article. We may reject requests that are not directly
related to you, or unnecessarily repetitive or require massive technological input (such as
developing new systems or modifying the existing practices fundamentally), or are detrimental to
the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impracticable.
We will not be able to respond to your request under the following
circumstances:
1. Where it is related to national security or defense security;
2. Where it is related to public security, public health or major public interests;
3. Where it is related to criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials and enforcement of court
decisions;
4. Where there is sufficient evidence that the PI subject is subjectively malicious or abuses his or
her rights;
5. Where responding to your request will cause serious harm to your legitimate rights and interests,
or those of other individuals or organizations;
6. Where trade secrets are involved.
VI. How We Handle Minors' PI
The products, website and services of Buyer App are mainly targeted for adul class="li-pointer"ts, so minors
as not our target users (the age of minors is determined according to the laws of the country where you are
located and the cultural practices of different countries and regions) and we will not deliberately collect
the PI of minors. Meanwhile, we urge the guardians to take the initiative in participating in and paying
attention to the activities, interests and hobbies of minors. If Buyer App discovers that the PI of a minor
is collected without prior consent of the guardian, such PI will be deleted.
VII. How Your PI is Transferred Worldwide
In principle, the PI collected and generated by us within the territory of the People's Republic of China
will be stored within such territory. You understand and agree that, as we provide products or services
through resources and servers all over the world, subject to applicable laws and regulations on cross-border
transmission of PI, we may store the PI collected under this Policy on servers in other countries/regions
outside the Chinese mainland according to its operation requirements, and may provide any or all of your PI
to foreign affiliates or third parties outside the Chinese mainland that have a cooperative relationship
with our affiliates.
Such jurisdiction might have a different data protection law, or even no relevant laws. Under such
circumstances, we will ensure that your PI will enjoy the same level of protection as it does within the
territory of the People’s Republic of China. For instance, we will ask you for your consent to the
cross-border transmission of your PI, or employ data de-identification and other security measures before
the cross-border transmission of data. if you do not agree to the transfer of PI overseas or you want to
know more PI, please send an e-mail to [email protected], and we will handle it according to your letter
properly. You may be unable to use licensed software and online services provided by us if you do not agree
to the transfer of your PI overseas.
VIII. How This Privacy Policy Will Be Updated
In order to provide you with better services, our business may change from time to time,
and this Privacy Policy will also be adjusted accordingly. We will not limit any of your rights under this
Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will release any change to this Privacy Policy on this
page.
For major changes, we will provide a more conspicuous notice. For instance, we
will issue an updated version on our Made-in-China.com App client, or otherwise remind you about updates of
relevant content. Please visit us to understand our latest privacy policy in a timely manner. In the
foregoing case, by continuously using our services, you are deemed to have agreed to accept the revised
Policy and be bound by it.
The major changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
1. Major changes in our service mode, such as the purpose of processing PI, the type of
processed PI, and how PI is used;
2. Major changes in the right of control, such as change of the PI controller due to M&A;
3. Changes in the main objects of PI sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
4. Major changes in your right to participate in PI processing and the way in which you
exercise it;
5. Changes in the department responsible for PI security or its contact information or
the channels for filing complaints;
6. Major changes in response to high risks as indicated in the PI security assessment
report.
If you do not agree to such changes, you may choose to stop using Buyer App's
services; by continuing to use Buyer App's services, you are deemed to have read, understood and agreed to
be bound by the revised Policy. We will also archive the old version of this Policy; if you
need to consult the old version, please contact us via the above contact information.
We will put your satisfaction first when making any changes. Finally, we
encourage you to consult our Privacy Policy each time you use Buyer App's services.