You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.0User Private PolicyThe personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:SecurityWe strive to protect your personal information. Your primary account information will be uploaded to https://api.flamingo.shop/. For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any personal information you enter into registration forms on the Application. The encryption process protects your information, by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. We also make commercially reasonable effort to ensure the security of your personal information on our system. The Personal Data We CollectTo create an account with us and to manage your account, to provide you our Services; We collect your contact information, including email address and password, to register with our website or app; Profile data, including your style preference, if you voluntarily choose to provide it for personalization purposes.To fulfill or process orders; We collect your identity and contact information such as name,phone number and shipping address, as well as financial information or payment account information, for delivery, returns, refund, sales tax determinations, and payment operations; Transaction details, such as return and refund details, gift card number, and order history, in our Services, in order to fulfill basic functions, including processing your payment and return requests, and keeping you informed of the order status and shipping logistics; Location data at an IP address-based level, to tailor your experience in terms of displaying the appropriate local website, language, or user experience. Additional identity information that you provide if you take part in our college campus ambassador program, such as your school, name, email address, PayPal account, and city, for identity authentication purposes.To provide customer service and support, or to provide you with service-related communications; We collect Your communication history with us via various channels, such as email, phone, social media, mail, instant chat, and our customer service platform, to respond to your requests, as well as to keep you updated about your account and the Services; Photographs you upload to our Services in accordance with our Terms and Conditions, to provide product advice and to allow you to voluntarily show other potential customers what items may look like when purchased or worn.To undertake marketing, advertising or other promotional activities; We collect contact information, such as phone number and email address, for telemarketing and email marketing purposes; Non-directly identifiable device identifiers, operating system information, and cookie information, to direct and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we offer; Data about how you engage with our Services, such as browsing, adding to your shopping cart, saving items, placing an order, and returns) for market research, statistical analysis and the display of personalized advertising based on your activity on our site and inferred interests; Contact and identity information, such as name, email address and phone number, when you voluntarily enter into a competition, market survey, event or other marketing campaigns organized by us; To share your personal data with third party advertisers.To improve our product or service, or for personalization; We collect your device information, and usage data in our website or app for fault analysis, troubleshooting, and system maintenance, as well as setting default options for you, such as language and currency; When you optionally provide such information, we may collect general personal data that cannot identify you, such as body shape, personal height, chest/waist/hip circumference, and weight. For example, this information may be used by us to recommend clothing sizes or styles, personalization, or to provide fit prediction services for you; To share your personal data within and across our corporate organization for our business needs and personalization; Collection of your like records and votes when prompted as to your preference between two items,to provide preference setting options; The display of information you choose to post on public areas of the Services, for example a customer review.To prevent and investigate fraud and other illegal activities; We collect Information automatically collected through the Services, such as browser type, evice information, operating system and account setting information for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction; Log-in data for risk control and fraud reporting; Billing address to verify payment information.To comply with legal or compliance requirements; We collect Identity information, such as ID- or passport-related information, for customs clearance purposes; Transaction history and certain identity information to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations purpose, and to comply with lawful requests from a competent law enforcement agency or court.User Generated Content PolicyWhen you transmit, post, upload, share, or otherwise contribute any content, including submissions, to our Site and / or Apps, including but not limited to your submissions, such contributed content shall be considered as user-generated content (“UGC”) to the extent that such content is visible to or accessible to any other Site and / or App visitors or users.By accepting these Terms, you agree not to contribute any UGC that could reasonably be considered to entail, contain, provide or promote any of the following:- Sexually explicit or pornographic content;- profanity;- derogatory, discriminatory or hateful comments or incitements against specific individuals or groups based on race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family status, genetic characteristics, disability or conviction for an offence for which a pardon has been granted or in respect of which a record suspension has been ordered;- incitements to violence or other dangerous activities;- terrorism or other criminal activities;- insensitive or offensive comments related to natural disasters, atrocities, health crisis, deaths, conflicts or other tragic events;- harassment, bullying, or threats;- dangerous products, illicit drugs, or inappropriate use or sale of tobacco and/or alcohol;- transactions in cryptocurrencies;- false medical-related claims or contents;- content that infringes intellectual property rights;- content that you are not authorized to, or don’t have a legal right to, share, post, or otherwise display;- or any other content that could be considered illegal, offensive or restricted under applicable laws or regulations.You further acknowledge and agree that FLAMINGO, in its sole discretion, may remove, block any UGC it determines violate the above requirements. Posting UGC in violation of these Terms, may lead to the suspension or subsequent termination of all or part of our Services. By accepting these Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree to only post UGC that is appropriate for a family audience. You further acknowledge and agree that FLAMINGO is not obligated to police or actively review UGC prior to its display on FLAMINGO’s Sites or Apps, and that you are therefore solely responsible for the UGC you elect to post on the Sites or the Apps.Account Creation and TerminationIn order to access some features or services available on the Services, you will have to create a FLAMINGO user account (“User Account”), including setting up a password. You may not use another person’s account or password.You are solely responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your User Account and the information you hold for your account, including your password, as well as any and all activity that occurs under your User Account. In no event shall we be liable for any loss, theft or fraudulent use of your User Account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your User Account, password, or any other breach or threatened breach of the Site or App's security. You warrant and confirm that you will only use your own User Account or password.We reserve the right to terminate accounts and/or cancel orders in our discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that your conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests. You may terminate your account at any time, for any reason, by following any such instructions within the Site or App, or by contacting us as described in the 'Contact Us' section below.By creating an account with us, you acknowledge that we may send you promotional or marketing emails from time to time. If you do not wish to receive those emails, please use the link provided in those emails to unsubscribe from our email list.Your RightsAccess, Correction and Deletion of your Personal Information. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect. To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain. To exercise your rights, you may make updates within your customer account on the Site or App, or you may contact us our dedicated Privacy Center . We may not accommodate a request to delete or change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.Unsubscribe from Our Marketing Communications. If you do not want us to use your email account to send you marketing emails or non-transactional promotional materials, please directly click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email messages to you or contact us at our dedicated Privacy Center .Lodging Complaints. If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at our dedicated Privacy Center so that we may attempt to resolve any issues to your satisfaction.We may use cookies, tags, web pixels, and similar technologies to automatically collect information on our Services. Cookies or tags are bits of code that allow our technology partners to collect information that usually does not directly identify you. If required by law, we will request your consent before using cookies or other tracking technologies. Information within this section describes our use of cookies and your ability to control the use of cookies for advertising-related purposes.Cookies . Cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information. Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience. We use the following types of cookies on our Services: Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled. Functional Cookies. We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services. Performance or Analytic Cookies. These cookies collect passive information about how you use our Services, including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information collected by such cookies to improve and optimize our Services. We do not use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable these cookies as set forth below. Advertising or Targeting Cookies. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. You may disable the use of these cookies as set forth below.Web Pixels . To see how successfully our marketing campaigns or other goals of the Services are performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached a particular page (e.g. a thank you page once you have completed the procedure for subscribing to one of our services or have completed one of our forms). We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Services. The use of a pixel allows us to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.Analytics . We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services. Presently, we use Google Analytics . Google Analytics is a web analytics service that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .Behavioral Remarketing . We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Services. For this purpose, visitors are grouped by certain actions on our Services, e.g., by duration of a visit. This enables us to understand your preferences and to show you personalized advertising even if you are currently surfing on another website that also participates in the same advertising network. We utilize Google Ads, Bing Ads, and similar ad networks. Using Facebook Business Tools , we may display interest-based ads to you when using Facebook. To modify your preferences or turn off personalization for ads served by Facebook, you can visit Facebook's Ad Preferences in addition to the Your Choices section below. We do not share any of your personal information with Facebook. We may also show ads to audiences that share similar characteristics as you. To do so, a list of email addresses is irreversibly encrypted through hashing and uploaded or transmitted from our site, and Facebook matches the hashed data against its own users, generating a lookalike audience and deleting the uploaded list. We do not have access to the identity of anybody in the "lookalike" audience, unless they choose to click on one of our advertisements.Other Tracking Technologies . We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes. Pages of our Site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local storage, which allows data from websites to be stored or "cached" within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.California Privacy RightsThis section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended and pursuant to its regulations and successors, below is a summary for the last twelve (12) months of the personal information categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA (see California Civil Code section 1798.140 (o)), that we collect, the reason we collect the personal information, where we obtain the personal information, and the third parties with whom we may share the personal information. We generally collect the following categories of personal information when you use our Services: identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, and non-directly identifiable alphanumerical numbers associated with your devices; commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you; Internet or other electronic information regarding your browsing activity, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information; audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; employment-related information; and inferences about your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitudes. We generally do not collect protected classifications about our users, biometric information, or education-related information. For more information about the personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use it, please refer to section 1 above. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are listed above in section 2. If you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your personal information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of our network systems. To assert your right to know or your right to delete your personal information, please see the "Contact Us" section below. To confirm your identity, we may ask you to verify personal information we already have on file for you or other documentation that verifies that you are whom you claim to be. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. Right Against Discrimination . You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales. Right to Know . You have the right to request in writing a list of the information we have collected or disclosed about you, the business purposes involved, and the sources of such information. You have the right to request a copy of the specific personal information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request. Right to Delete . You have the right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. Right to Opt-Out of Selling . You have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold. We do not sell your personal information as that term is generally understood but we recognize that the CCPA defines personal information in such a way that making available identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a "sale." The CCPA broadly defines personal information and "selling" such that making available or sharing identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a sale. In the previous 12 months, we were sharing identifiers and inferences about you with our partners, third parties and affiliates in such a way that, under the CCPA, may be defined as selling. Please see the "Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies" section above for a description of opting out of cookies and controlling browser settings, in addition to clicking the "Manage Cookies" link in our website footer to load a consent tool that will allow you to opt-out of the cookies on our Site. Use of an Authorized Agent to Submit a Request . Only you or a person you formally authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information as a California consumer. If you use an authorized agent to submit such a request, we will require written proof that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf or a copy of the power-of-attorney document granting that right. In addition, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. In your request, please specify that you want a "California Shine the Light Notice." Please contact us as described below and allow 30 days for a response.Nevada Privacy RightsThis section applies only to Nevada residents. Although we do not "sell" "covered information" of Nevada "consumers" as those terms are defined by Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, if you are a Nevada consumer, please go to our Privacy Center and inform us that you would like us to provide you notice in the event we should do so in the future, at which point you will have an opportunity to be verified and exercise your opt-out rights under that law. You may contact us as described below. It is your responsibility to keep your notice contact information current.How We Collect and Use Your Personal InformationWe respect the privacy of the visitors to our digital properties and the users of our products and Services, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. We collect personal information when you use our Services. Personal information is any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. The definition of personal information (used interchangeably in this Privacy Policy with the term "personal data") depends on where you are a resident. Only the definition that applies to your country of residence will apply to you under this Privacy Policy. Personal Information does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you. Your personal data is collected and used by us to support a range of different activities or business purposes. The purposes and types of information we collect are listed in the chart below, and should be understood to include uses of your personal data that are compatible with the purposes listed. In some jurisdictions, it is necessary to have an identified lawful basis of processing. To the extent such a requirement applies to the jurisdiction where you are a resident, the lawful basis for each processing purpose is indicated.Personal InformationWhen you share information through a social account, you may be asked to enter an account and password, but this information is managed by the system. The app does not save the account and password in any way, nor does it collect and save any personal information in the social account in any way.
Under no circumstance will we sell your personal information to any third party.
Nor will we use your information or images in any ads without your permission.
Our website's mains purpose is to facilitate the sales of high quality fashion products, not to phish for personal information.Information that we receive from third partiesWe may receive personal information about you from social media platforms if you choose to register for a Platform account via a social media account. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your privacy settings with the applicable platform, but it would typically include basic public profile information such as: Your user name or nickname; Your profile picture; Country; Company name; Contact detailsWe may receive personal information about you from third parties that are engaged by us to assist with providing verification services and conducting suitable money laundering and KYC (know-your-customer) checks on users. This may include your name, email address, company details and contact information.If you choose to participate in reviewing or rating products and/or services on flamingo.shop, we may receive personal information about you from third parties that work with us to conduct reviews into our services and/or rate us. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:verifying your identity and conducting security, KYC (know-your-customer) and anti-money laundering diligence and background checks in order to set up user accounts;verifying your eligibility to register as a Platform user in accordance with our Terms of Use;setting up / administering user accounts, including providing log-in IDs and developing a Platform profile;providing users with customer service support; responding to queries, feedback, and managing claims and/or disputes;facilitating communication Buyers via the Platform, processing transactions and settlement Buyers made over the Platform;providing logistics and warehousing services (including, without limitation, customs clearance declarations via the Platform);facilitating customs clearance declarations / applications via the Platform;assessing and monitoring account security and transaction risks of users of flamingo.shop, detecting and preventing fraud, money laundering and other security incidents;personalizing our marketing and communications with you based on your browsing records, and your order history;performing research or statistical analysis in order to improve the content and layout of the Platform, and to improve the product offerings and services on flamingo.shop, including, for example, using anonymized data for machine learning purposes;identifying, developing and marketing and advertising products and services that we believe you will value, including across browsers and devices, in accordance with applicable laws. Cookies or other similar technologies may be used to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sending you communications for marketing purposes; if you are a Buyer, we will share details of the last viewed products on the Platform to contact you with details of products and/or services that might interest youWe may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you (such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONOther Platform Users where necessary in connection with the facilitation of purchases and communications made between you and the other users.Third party business partners, service providers and/or affiliates of Flamingo.shop engaged by us or working with us to assist us to provide services to you or who otherwise process personal information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information.
Categories of these partners or service providers include:Members of Flamingo and their respective affiliates and/or their designated service providers that work with us to provide processing services such as software, tools, systems and messaging services for purposes described in this Privacy Policy; our business partners (for example, in order for them to provide you with discounts or offers that may interest you);marketing and advertising platforms, such as Google, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, and providers of analytics services relating to users’ behavior, in order to tailor the content you see when visiting our Platform. These platforms may combine information they collect on our Platform with data on their platforms and data they collect from other websites or through other sources in order to conduct targeted advertising.
The processing activities of these third party marketing platforms are governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;payment service providers who collect and process personal information to assist with settling the payments for transactions or process withdrawal requests for Sellers. The activities of payment service providers may be governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;logistics partners for providing delivery services for Buyers, including return and exchange of products;custom agents for customs clearances purposes;cloud computing service providers to provide cloud storage services;customer service providers to provide after-sale services; risk control service providers to assess the security of users’ accounts and transaction risks;third party rating / reviewing service providers to carry out reviews of our services with customers if you choose to participate in reviewing or rating Flamingo products and/or services; To our professional advisers, law enforcement agencies, insurers, government and regulatory and other organizations where we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights or protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may also disclose and transfer your personal information or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws.To an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.RETENTIONMonday - Friday: 9:30am - 6:00pmWe retain your personal information as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so for example to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.COOKIESThis section explains how we use cookies and similar technologies (we'll refer to them collectively as "cookies") to recognize you when you visit our Platform. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control them.What are cookies?A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's or mobile device’s hard drive. If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same browser or mobile device to access the Platform, our web servers will be notified of your visit to the Platform and in turn we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage. Cookies set by the website or app owner (in this case, Flamingo.shop) are called "first party cookies".
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".
Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics).
The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your device both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.Cookies can also be categorized as session cookies (which are erased once you close the browser or shut down the device) and persistent cookies (which remain even after closing the browser or shutting down the device/application and which are activated each time you visit the Platform).
The session cookies use encrypted data to authenticate you. The persistent cookies do not store account numbers or passwords. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Why we use cookies?We use first and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical and/or security reasons in order for our Platform to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. First party cookies are mainly served to enable basic functionality on our Platform; including web analytics cookies that help us understand how users use our web pages and how we can improve their use. For example we use essential or strictly necessary cookies to enable us to remember goods added to your Flamingo.shop shopping basket and to recognize you when you sign into your Flamingo.shop account.In addition we also use social media cookies. You may register for Platform membership and "share" Platform content through social media such as Facebook and Twitter. Sometimes we embed videos from websites like YouTube. These websites have their own privacy policies which govern their use of information, which you can find on the respective websites.We also use cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of Platform visitors to enhance the experience on our Platform by researching visiting patterns and conduct interest-based advertising; assisting our partners to track user visits to the Platforms; and to track progress and participation in promotions. We use first and third party cookies for these purposes.Cookies we useThe specific categories of first and third party cookies served through our Platform and the purposes they perform are described in the table below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary):Essential Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary for enabling access and use of our Platform. They provide necessary functionality to ensure the proper performance, security and functionality of our Platform. These cookies cannot be disabled. Flamingo.shop serves these cookies.Statistical Cookies: Statistical cookies including analytics cookies collect information in aggregate form to help us determine and understand how users interact with and use our Platform. We use this information to help us to improve and optimize our Platform and its security. Flamingo.shop、Google Analytics https://policies.google.com/privacy; https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usagePersonalisation and Service Cookies: These cookies are used to remember your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They remember your registration and login details and your settings and preferences such as language and region. They are also used to ensure you don’t have to login every time you use your browser to comment on articles and to ensure interactive services work effectively. Personalization cookies are also used to recommend content we think you'll be interested in by serving and measuring relevant advertising, based on what you've looked at before.Personalization cookies may also include social media cookies which are used to enable you to log into our Platform using your social media accounts and to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Platform through third party social networking and other websites.
These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.Flamingo.shop: https://m.flamingo.shop、Google: http://www.google.com
serves these cookies.Marketing Cookies. Marketing cookies help us to ensure that provide you with more targeted and relevant marketing. We will also use marketing cookies to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing communications by monitoring open rate and conversions.Facebook http://www.facebook.com、Google http://www.google.com
serves these cookies.How can I control cookies?You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring the privacy setting of the browser you are using to access the Platform or the "privacy setting" of your device. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. If you adjust the privacy setting in the browser, your device will continue collecting data unless you adjust the privacy setting of the device, and vice versa.You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. If you choose to set your web browser controls to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.Google Analytics (More information) Our Platform uses Google Analytics, an internet analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google's cookies allow us analyze use of the Platform by telling us which pages our users are viewing, which ones are most popular, what time of day our Platform are visited, if users have previously visited our Platform, from which website users are redirected to our Platform were and the like. The data generated by the cookie about your use of the Platform will be transmitted to Google and stored by Google on servers in the United States.The Platform uses an anonymization tool of IP addresses so that the IP addresses are truncated within the territory of the Member States of the European Union and the other members of the agreement on the European Economic Area. The non-truncated IP address are only exceptionally transmitted to Google’s servers in the US and then truncated there.Google uses the data on behalf of Alibaba.com to evaluate your use of the Platform, to compile reports on website activity for the website operators and for other website activity and internet usage services. Google may disclose this information to third parties under the terms of the law or for further processing by third parties on behalf of Google. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, visit:the Google Help pages and Privacy Policy: Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy; and he Google Analytics Help Center:https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage The IP address that your browser will pass on to Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data stored by Google. Through your browser settings, you can block cookies; however, this can lead to problems with the use of some functionalities of the website. Through the add-on "Google Analytics Opt-out" you can through your current web browser opt-out to the use of Google Analytics from then on: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. More information can be found here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.
We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated by us posting an amended Privacy Policy on the Platform. Once posted on the Platform, the new Privacy Policy will be effective immediately. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice. VISITORS FROM THE EUROPEAN UNIONThis section of the Privacy Policy applies only if you use our Platform or services covered by this Privacy Policy from a country that is a Member State of the European Union and in the event of and from the date of the UK's departure from the European Union, the United Kingdom (the "EEA"), and supplements the information in this Privacy Policy. Legal basis for data processingWe process personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis for processing personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect and process personal information about you only where it is:1. necessary for providing the services pursuant to the agreement between you and Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited and/or its affiliates (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Platform); 2.necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement);3.necessary for our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; and/or where it is based on your consent.If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our Platform and services, manage our relationship with you and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our Platform and our services, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of ensuring the security of our Platform and services and detecting or preventing illegal activities such as fraud. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to enter into a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time. We will advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). In some instances, you may be required to provide us with personal information for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Platform.If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under section
below.International transfers of personal informationIn connection with our provision of the Platform and its connected services, we may transfer your personal information to countries outside of the EEA, including to countries that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country such as the United States and China. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal information are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such as standard contractual clauses.Your rightsIf you are a resident of the EEA, you also have the following data protection rights, which you can exercise at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under section
below:The right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information. The right to object to processing of your personal information when it is based on our legitimate interests, and separately the right to object to direct marketing.The right to ask us, in some situations, to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.The right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under section below.If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.The right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any requests, questions or concerns about our use of your personal information and this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DataProtection support@flamingo.shop.Flamingo Technologies HK Limited, corp nr 2728268Suite 1113A 11/F Ocean CTR, HARBOUR CITY, 5 CANTON RD TST, KLN, Hong KongCOMPANY INFOAbout HELP & SUPPORTShipping InformationReturns and RefundsCUSTOMER CAREContact UsHow to Pay©2022
All Rights ReservedPrivacy & Cookie PolicyTerms & ConditionsFIND US ONAPPSIGN UP FOR
STYLE NEWSSUBSCRIBEWE ACCEPT