HomeShop
AppZip CardChromeHow It WorksHelpFor Businesses
Chosen region is United StatesSign In
Sign UpSign InSign Up
Open site navigationZip Privacy PolicyLast Updated and Effective as of September 14, 2022Zip is dedicated to informing you on how we will collect, store, protect, use, and share your
personal information when you use our services.OverviewThis Privacy Policy describes Zip Co US, Inc.'s and any of our U.S. affiliates’ (collectively,
“Zip,” “we”, “us”, or “our”) practices and the privacy rights of users of Zip Services (“you”)
regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. It
applies to the Zip website, https://zip.co/us, and all related sites,
applications, services, and tools, including the Zip app, regardless of how you access or use them.
We may offer you the ability to connect with Zip Services using a mobile device, either through a
mobile application or via a mobile-optimized website. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to
all such mobile access and use of mobile devices.You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content,
features, technologies, or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and
services (collectively “Zip Services”). This Privacy Policy applies U.S. law and is intended to
govern the use of Zip Services by our users (including, without limitation those who use the Zip
Services in the course of their trade or business) in the U.S. unless otherwise agreed through
contract. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website.
The revised version will be effective as of the published effective date, indicated at the top of
this Privacy Policy, in which case you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if
you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. However, when the
revised version includes a substantial change, we may be required to provide you with notice of the
new policy before the updates become effective for you, or else the updates will not be effective
until 30 days after the published effective date.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing and using this website or any other Zip
Services, you confirm that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy in its entirety. You
understand and acknowledge that we reserve the right to change or amend this Privacy Policy at any
time, which will be reflected by the “Last Updated and Effective” date above. If you are a resident
of California, you may have additional rights, described in our Provisions Applicable to
California Consumers section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information submitted
or collected through websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or
who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third-party
websites.If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you must refrain from using this website
or any other Zip Services. Note that if you become a Zip customer, your personal information and
privacy rights will be subject to Zip’s
Privacy Notice, and Zip’s use of such
information will be consistent with that privacy notice.For customers using the Zip Anywhere Service, your personal information and privacy rights will also
be subject to the WebBank Privacy
Notice, and use of such information will be consistent with that privacy notice. Please read
this WebBank Privacy Notice carefully. By accessing and using the Zip Anywhere Service, you confirm
that you have read and understood this Privacy Notice in its entirety. You understand and
acknowledge that WebBank reserves the right to change or amend this Privacy Notice at any time.How you can contact us about privacy questionsIf you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at
privacy.usa@zip.co.Collection of Personal InformationWe may collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of
Zip Services and to help us personalize and improve your and others' experience.Information we collect automatically:When you use Zip Services, we may collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone, or
another access device. The information sent to us may include but is not limited to, the following:
data about the pages you access, computer IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type,
geo-location information, computer and connection information, mobile network information,
statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log
data and other information. We also collect anonymous information through our use of cookies and web
beacons.Information you provide to usWe collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of Zip Services
(collectively your “personal information”):Personally identifiable information;and non-personally identifiable information.Personally identifiable information is any information that can identify you.Examples include your name e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, device identifiers,
IP address, geolocation information, and financial account information that you provide, such as
credit or debit card numbers.We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties such as data
vendors.Aggregate and/or de-identified information is not considered personally identifiable information.Non-personally identifiable information is information that does not identify you directly but may
be linkable to you.Examples include demographic information and general location.If non-personally identifiable information is directly linked to personally identifiable
information, it will be considered personally identifiable information while it is linked. For
example, if your payment history and transaction history are linked to your name, then that
information will be considered personally identifiable information and subject to heightened
privacy and security restrictions, as reflected in this Privacy Policy.We may also collect information from or about you other than through your use of Zip Services, such
as through your contact with us, including our customer support team, your results when you respond
to a survey, your interactions with members of the Zip corporate family or other companies (subject
to their privacy policies and applicable law), and from other accounts we have reason to believe you
control (whether in part or in whole). Additionally, for quality and training purposes or for its
own protection, Zip may monitor or record its telephone conversations with you or anyone acting on
your behalf, subject to applicable law. By communicating with Zip, unless otherwise provided by
applicable law, you acknowledge that your communication may be overheard, monitored, or recorded
without further notice or warning.Information from other sourcesWe may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity
verification services with whom we have contractual relationships. You may choose to provide us with
access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites (e.g.,
Facebook and Twitter). The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site.
By associating an account managed by a third party with your Zip account and authorizing Zip to have
access to this information, you agree that Zip may collect, store and use this information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.Mobile devicesWhen you download or use our mobile applications or access one of our mobile-optimized sites, we may
receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for
your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as
advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to
control or disable location services in the device's setting's menu. If you have questions about how
to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or
the manufacturer of your particular device.Cookies and similar technologiesWhen you access our website or use Zip Services, we (including companies we work with) may place
small data files on your computer or another device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags,
e-tags, “Flash cookies,” or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications
(collectively “Cookies”). We use these technologies to recognize you as a customer; customize Zip
Services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that your account
security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud, and to promote trust and safety across
our sites and Zip Services.How we use the personal information we collectOur primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth,
efficient, and customized experience with Zip Services. We use your personal information to:Provide Zip Services and customer support.Process transactions and send notices about your transactions.Resolve disputes and collect payments and/or fees.Verify the accuracy of and authenticate your information.Detect, investigate, and prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, such as fraud.Communicate changes to our policy.Personalize content and experiences, including providing recommendations based on your
preferences.Send offers or promotions for Zip Services.Provide advertising, including advertising based on your use of the Zip Services and their
purchasing patterns.Conduct any other legitimate business activities not otherwise prohibited by law.We may contact you via electronic means or postal mail to notify you regarding your account, to
troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to
poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, or as otherwise necessary to service your
account. Additionally, we may contact you to offer coupons, discounts, and promotions, and inform
you about Zip Services and the services of our corporate family. Finally, we may contact you as
necessary to enforce our policies, applicable law, or any agreement we may have with you. To reach
you as efficiently as possible, we may contact you via phone and may use auto-dialed or prerecorded
calls and text messages. Where applicable and permitted by law, you may decline to receive certain
communications.MarketingWe do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes
without your explicit consent. We combine your personal information with information we collect from
other companies and use it to improve and personalize Zip Services, content, and advertising
delivered to you and other users. Zip may share nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliates to
market to you. This may include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, or postal address.How we share personal information with merchantsWhen transacting with merchants of goods and services (“Merchants”), we provide those parties with
information about you necessary to complete the transaction, such as your name, account ID, contact
details, shipping and billing address, or other information needed to promote the reliability and
security of the transaction. If a transaction is held, fails, or is later invalidated, we may also
provide details of the unsuccessful transaction.We do not share your bank account information or card account information with any Merchants.We work with third parties, including Merchants, to enable them to accept or send payments from or
to you using Zip. In doing so, a third party may share information about you with us, such as your
email address or mobile phone number. We use this information to confirm that you are a Zip customer
and that Zip as a form of payment can be enabled, or to send you notification of payment status.
Also, if you request that we validate your status as a Zip customer with a third party, we will do
so.Please note that Merchants and other third parties from whom you buy or with whom you contract will
have their own privacy policies, and although Zip’s User Agreement does not allow the other
transacting party to use any personal information we give them for anything other than providing
Zip’s Services, Zip is not responsible for their actions, including their information protection
practices.Regardless, we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have
paid or who has paid you using Zip, or with the third parties that offer or use Zip Services, except
with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with applicable credit card
association rules, a subpoena, or another legal process.How we share personal information with other third partiesWe share personal information with:Members of the Zip corporate family, to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and
violations of our and their policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services, and
communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing
communications only if you have requested their services.Financial institutions that we partner with to jointly create and offer a product. These financial
institutions may only use this information to market Zip-related products unless you have given
consent for other uses.Banking partners as required by credit card association rules for inclusion on their list of
terminated merchants.Persons or companies who may invest or have invested in us, or with which we plan to merge, or
which we are considering acquiring or being acquired by. (Should such a combination transaction
occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to
your personal information. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you
will receive prior notice.)Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order,
or other legal process or requirement applicable to Zip or one of its affiliates; when we need to
do so to comply with law or credit card association rules; or when we believe, in our sole
discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or
financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User
Agreement.Other unaffiliated third parties, for the following purposes:Zip may share nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliates to market to you. This may include
your name, e-mail address, telephone number, or postal address.Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or
resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing
verification requirements.Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business
operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology
services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in
connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.Please note that these third parties may be in other countries where the laws on processing personal
information may be less stringent than in your country.We currently do not - but reserve the right in the future to - share your information with credit
bureaus and collection agencies to report account information, as permitted or required by law.If you open a Zip account directly on a third-party website or via a third-party application, any
information that you enter on that website or application (and not directly on a Zip website) will
be shared with the owner of the third-party website or application. These websites are governed by
their own privacy policies and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies before providing
them with personal information. Zip is not responsible for the content or information practices of
such third parties.How we protect and store personal informationThroughout this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise stated, we use the term “personal information” to
describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that
person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous
so that it does not identify a specific user.Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other
infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, the use of third-party
service providers. We, and third-party service providers on our behalf, store and process your
personal information in the United States and elsewhere in the world. If your information is
transferred to other countries, including countries that may not have data protection laws that
provide the same level of protection that exists in your country, we will protect the information as
described in this Privacy Policy.We protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to
reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. Some of the
safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to data centers, and
information access authorization controls.How you can restrict us from using/sharing your personal informationWe respect your communication preferences. If you no longer wish to receive notifications via our
application, you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the application.You may wish to unsubscribe from marketing emails by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the email
footer or by contacting Zip Customer Service. However, we will still be authorized to contact you
regarding servicing and account-related purposes.We also use Google Analytics to generate statistical and other information about the use of Zip
Services by means of cookies. To learn more about Google's privacy policy, please visit:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also
learn more about how to opt-out of the collection and processing of such information by Google by
visiting this website:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.You are free to decline our cookies if your browser or browser add-on permits unless our Cookies are
required to prevent fraud or ensure the security of websites we control. However, declining our
Cookies may interfere with your use of our website and Zip Services.In addition to session-based cookies, we utilize third-party cookies from vendors that have been
thoroughly vetted for analytics and marketing purposes. These third-party cookies help us better
analyze and customize our users' experience as well as deliver interest-based and retargeting
advertisements on websites throughout the Internet. These third parties may collect personally
identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when
you use Zip Services. You have the right to control behavioral and interest-based marketing. For
example, some browsers can be set to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to
decide whether to accept it. In addition, you may be able to opt out of some third-party cookies by
using the following websites: http://www.aboutads.info/choices
or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.Even if you disable tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising,
including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed, or
advertising from third parties that is not based on your interests and preferences.Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences
regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We do not currently respond to DNT
signals. We do, however, provide you notice of the tracking by advertisers and other third parties
in our Privacy Policy.To limit our sharing for nonafilliates to market to you:Call toll free 1-888-322-5037 and our menu will prompt you through your choice(s)Visit our
Help Center webformChildren's online privacy protection actWe comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly
or intentionally collect or sell personal information from children under the age of 16. Our
website, products, and services are directed to individuals who are at least 16 years of age or
older.If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may
contact us as set forth herein. If we learn that we have collected any personal information in
violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate
the child's account.How you can access or change your personal informationYou may request to access or correct the personal information that you have provided to us.
Depending on where you live and the type of information you have provided to Zip, you may have
different rights and choices for managing your personal data. For example, certain state laws do not
apply to personal data collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution according to
federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Accordingly, the ability to access or correct data
is not absolute and is subject to Zip's internal policies. To submit a request, email
privacy.usa@zip.co.You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and
reviewing your account settings and profile. You can also close your account by submitting a request
with Customer Service through the Zip website. If you close your Zip account, we
will mark your account in our database as “Closed,” but may retain personal information from your
account for a certain period of time and disclose it in a manner consistent with our practices under
this Privacy Policy for accounts that are not closed. We also may retain personal information from
your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our User Agreement, or take other actions as required or
permitted by law.Provisions applicable to California consumersCalifornia consumer privacy actThe California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides natural persons who are California residents
(“California Consumers”) users of our Services with the right to receive, free of charge, in
connection with their use of our Services, certain disclosures regarding our collection, use,
sharing and processing of certain personal information, as well as the right to know/access, delete
and limit sales of this personal information. To the extent that we collect such personal
information subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are set forth
below. Under the CCPA, “personal information” is defined as “information that identifies, relates
to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
indirectly, with a particular consumer or household,” and we use that meaning in this section. We do
not sell personal information of California Consumers, as such term is used in the CCPA.Collection of personal informationCalifornia Consumers have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we
collect regarding our California Consumers and the purposes for which those categories of personal
information will be used. Please refer to the section above titled “Collection of Personal
Information” for a description of the categories of personal information we collect regarding
California Consumers, and the section above titled “How We Use the Personal Information We
Collect” for a description of the purposes for which those categories of personal information
may be used.Third parties with whom personal information is sharedZip shares California Consumers' personal information with third parties as described in the above
sections titled “How We Share Personal Information with Merchants” and “How We Share
Personal Information with Other Third Parties”.In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information about
consumers for business purposes:Personal Identifiers. We share this information with our Service Providers to allow them to
perform services on behalf of Zip. We may also share this information with our business partners
so that they may provide California Consumers with information about products and services that
may be of interest to such persons.Transaction Data. We share this information with our Service Providers to allow them to perform
services on behalf of Zip.Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information. We share with or allow third parties to
utilize cookies for marketing or advertising customized to users' interests or needs.Consistent with the general statements above, including those in the section titled
“Marketing”, in the preceding 12 months, we have not sold personal information of any
California Consumers, including any California Consumers who are minors.Individual rightsRight to know/access informationCalifornia Consumers have the right to request that we disclose to them the categories of personal
information we have collected about them, the categories of sources from which the personal
information has been collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling
personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information,
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them, and the categories of
personal information that was disclosed for a business purpose. California Consumers may request
this information twice in a 12-month period. To protect our customers' personal information, we are
required to verify the requestor's identity before we can act on any such request.Right to request deletion of personal informationCalifornia Consumers have the right to request that Zip and our Service Providers delete any
personal information about them that we have collected from the California Consumers. To protect our
customers' personal information, we are required to verify the requestor's identity before we can
act on any such request. The right of deletion may be subject to certain CCPA exceptions.Right to equal serviceZip will not discriminate against California Consumers on the basis of the exercise or non-exercise
of any rights hereunder, including, but not limited to, by:Denying goods or services on such basis;Charging differing prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts
or other benefits or imposing penalties, on such basis;Providing differing levels of quality of goods or services on such basis; orSuggesting that California Consumers will receive a different price or rate for goods or services
or a different level or quality of goods or services.Submitting requestsCalifornia Consumers can submit “verifiable consumer requests” (as such term is used in the CCPA)
regarding the privacy of their personal information, by sending an email to
privacy.usa@zip.co or calling toll-free 1-888-322-5037. Zip must be
able to verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the California Consumer about
whom the request relates in order to process the request (or is the parent or legal guardian of such
minor California Consumer, or is a person authorized by such a California Consumer to act on such
California Consumer's behalf). Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create
an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in such a request to verify the
requestor's identity. Please be prepared to provide us with your full name, your email, your date of
birth, and billing zip code. You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on
your behalf by sending us an email with your designated authorized agent's information. We reserve
the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of California Consumers where
we have reason to believe a request is suspect or fraudulent.CONSUMERSCustomer Sign InShopHow It WorksAppZip CardChromeStore DirectoryBlogBUSINESSESBecome a Zip MerchantMerchant Sign InMerchant ResourcesDocumentationInsights HubAPI ReferencePCI DSS ComplianceABOUT ZIPAboutCareersContact UsInvestorsPressSUPPORTHelpPrivacy PolicySystem StatusTerms of ServiceVulnerability Disclosure Program
facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedIn
Home© 2023 'Quadpay', 'Zip', the 'Q Logo' and 'Zip' Logos, and all tag lines used in conjunction therewith including 'Any Store Split in 4' and 'Can I Zip It?' are trademarks of Zip Co Ltd. or its subsidiaries in the jurisdictions in which any of them operate. All other product names, logos, brands, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement. Zip Co US Inc (Zip Co US) NMLS ID 1963958 NMLS Consumer Access.Loans through the Zip app are originated by WebBank, except for Zip originated loans in CO, NV and MA.Late fees may apply. Eligibility Criteria apply. Loans to California residents, other than loans through the Zip App and Zip Card, are made or arranged pursuant to California Lenders Law license #60DBO-110414.This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.