Privacy Policy
This Zeelool Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how we collect and use personal information about you when you visit our website,
use our mobile application, or call us on the phone.
By "personal information," we mean information that directly identifies you, such as your name, address, or email address.
In this Policy, "we", “us”, and "our" mean Zeelool Inc., and "you" means any person who visits our website, uses our mobile application, or calls us on the phone.
To shop with us, you need to be at least sixteen (16) years old.
By accessing and/or using our services in any manner, including but not limited to, visiting and/or browsing our website, downloading our mobile application,
or contributing any material on our website or via our application, you expressly understand, acknowledge
and agree all the terms and conditions in this privacy policy.
If you disagree with any part of the policy then you should immediately discontinue access or use of the services.
Please read our privacy policy carefully before proceeding.
What Categories of Information We Collect We collect a variety of types of information. Examples include: Identifiers and contact information, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address; Purchase or other commercial information, such as the items you purchase,
items you have altered or custom made (including measurements), shipping address, and contact information (such as for receipts or order updates);
Payment information, such as your payment method and billing address; Profile and account information, which may include Contact, Purchase,
Prescription and Preference information as well as your account password, items in your online shopping cart or saved for future purchase,
registry information, product review information, address book entries, and other information about your profile or account;
Communications and interactions, which may include email messages, live chats,
text messages, and phone calls that we exchange with you;
Demographic information, which may include age or birthdate, gender, ZIP code, your status as a Zing member,
and other information about you;
Photographic information of you when you upload your photo to use the static try-on, which we do not share and keep private; Call recordings, including information about your call and that you share when you call us on the phone; Location or geolocation information of your device that you use with our mobile application,
if your device settings allow us to collect location information;
Device and browsing information and other Internet activity information, including information about your phone, tablet, computer,
or device, and online browsing activity (collectively, "automatically collected information").
Automatically collected information may include IP addresses, unique device identifiers, cookie identifiers, device and browser settings and information,
and Internet service provider information. Automatically collected information also may include information about when
and how you access and use our website or mobile application, such as the date and time of your visit or use,
the websites you visit before coming and after leaving our website, how you navigate and what you search for using our website and mobile application,
the website pages and items you view using our website and mobile application, and the items you purchase;
Other information,
for example inferences about any of the information above that may relate to your preferences, or other matters.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Information may be automatically collected when you access our site, using cookies and similar technologies.
We and the third-parties may use the information collected to personalize your experience with our services and to help manage online advertising programs.
This collection does not generally include personal information unless you provide it or choose to share it with us.
Cookies. These are small amounts of data a site or its provider saves in your browser
so that they can later recognize your browser remember certain information.
Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our services function properly;
to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services;
to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience.
We use the following types of cookies on our services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our services.
For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided.
These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes.
This category of cookies is essential for our services to work and they cannot be disabled.
Functional Cookies. We use functional cookies to remember your choices
o we can tailor our services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content.
For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our services.
We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled,
this may result in less functionality during your use of our services.
Performance or Analytic Cookies. These cookies collect passive information about how you use our services,
including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information collected by such cookies to help us understand how our site is being used.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.
They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers,
and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites.
You may disable the use of these cookies as set forth below.
Analytics. We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our site.
Presently, we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google LLC (“Google”) that tracks and reports site traffic.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics,
which is available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Behavioral Remarketing. We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our site or services.
We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our service. We use Google Ads for these purposes.
Google Ads remarketing service is provided by Google. You can opt-out of this by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
Other Tracking Technologies.
We may also use tracking technologies to collect data such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type,
IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site,
webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics,
and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the site for the same purposes.
Pages of our site and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons that permit us,
for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics.
Pages of our site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites
and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality
or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored
or “cached” within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local storage, which allows data from websites to be stored
or “cached” within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.
Your Choices. Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies.
You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. You can exercise your preferences in relation
to cookies served on our sites by taking the steps outlined below:
First-Party Cookies. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. To do this,
follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings).
Please be informed that if you disable cookies you may not be able to log in to the site or to use certain features of the site.
To find out more about cookies and how to change your browser cookie settings, visit
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Mobile Advertising. You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of advertising
by accessing the settings in mobile device and following the instructions.
If you opt-out, we will remove all data about you and will not collect any further data. The random ID previously assigned to you will be removed.
Thus, if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in,
we will be unable to continue and track you using the prior ID and you will for all practical purposes be a new user.
Third-Party Cookies. To opt-out of third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use advertising cookies go to
http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Once you click the link you may choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising companies
or only advertising provided by specific advertising entities. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities
that use these technologies, please see http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
In addition, most web browsers provide help pages relating to setting cookie preferences.
More information may be found for the following browsers here:
Google Chrome Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox Safari (Desktop) Safari (Mobile) Android Browser Opera Mobile Do Not Track. Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit.
However, since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, our site does not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
How We Collect Information We collect and obtain information: You provide, such as when you make a purchase, make a return or exchange, create a personalized Zeelool.com shopping account, track an order online,
sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts), use the reviews or related services and features,
submit a request to our customer service, or interact with our social media pages;
Passively, such as when you visit and navigate our platforms on any device, install and use our mobile app,
enable location-based features on our platforms, click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements,
or receive or interact with our communications and platforms that may contain cookies or pixels;
From third parties, such as social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram, service providers that we use,
analytics companies, advertising networks and cooperatives, third parties that provide us with information about you and the different devices you use online,
and other third parties that we choose to collaborate or work with.
How We Use Information
We use the information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products, services, and experiences.
We also may combine any or all of the information that we collect or obtain. Examples of how we use information include:
To provide our products and services. This could include fulfilling your requests for products or services.
It could also include processing purchases or return transactions;
To improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our Platforms and stores better.
We may also use your information to customize your experience with us;
To understand your interests. For example,
we may use your information to better understand what products interest you based on information we collect about you and your household;
To respond to your requests or questions. This may include responding to your customer feedback; For marketing purposes. We may provide you with information about new products and special offers.
We may use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We may tell you about new features or updates.
These might be third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting;
To send push notifications. If you use our mobile apps, we may send you push notifications about new products or special offers; To communicate with you. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship.
We may also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our Platform Terms & Conditions;
For legal and security purposes. This could include protecting our company and our customers. It may also include protecting our Platforms. How We Share Information In general, we do not share personal information for third-party marketing or advertising purposes. We may share your information in the following ways: Internally. We may share your information within our family of companies. This includes our affiliates; On our platforms. For example, we may display information you post on our Ratings & Reviews feature.
We may also display information you choose to share on your event registry;
With third parties and service providers that provide products or services to us,
that help us market or advertise to you, or that provide products or services to you;
Additional third parties such as law enforcement, government entities, courts, or other third parties as required or allowed by applicable law,
such as for the legal and safety purposes described under the "How We Use Information" section above, or otherwise to help prevent harm or fraud to us,
you, our customers, or other third parties;
For other reasons we may describe to you. How We Protect Your Information We maintain serious protocols to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information you share through our website and mobile application.
While we do our best to protect your information in our possession, transmission of information through the Internet may not always be perfect,
and we are unable to guarantee the security of your information in all circumstances.
Please be aware that you play an important part in protecting your information.
We highly encourage you to take appropriate steps to help protect your account and personal information, including but not limited to:
Using complex passwords; Not sharing your password with others; Enabling security locks on your devices to prevent unauthorized access to your account; and Logging off website sessions when you finish using our website. In-App AR try-on feature
When you open a front camera to use our AR try-on feature, no photographic information will be saved by us or shared with third party.
And the background system is purged every 60 minutes for good measure.
TrueDepth API
The Service also automatically collects information using the device camera and the TrueDepth API provided by Apple.
The sole purpose of this information is to track the user's head and face so that the user can control the Service by moving their head,
thus enabling a unique user experience. We do not collect, store or share locally or
remotely the data used by the software to generate TrueDepth API depth facial mapping information.
In addition, we do not disclose this information to any third parties.
In-App Live Broadcast Your nickname and real-time interactions (including but not limited to comments, awards, gifts, online status, etc.)
will be publicly displayed in the live broadcast room, and statistics will be formed based on the activity (such as rankings, popularity, etc.)
of viewers and displayed publicly.
Your Choices and Access Requests We strive to offer you choices about how personal information is used and shared. Your choices include: Email. You may use the unsubscribe link on any our promotional emails; Mobile location. You may choose not to provide your location to us in connection with your use of our mobile application
by declining any prompt requesting location information, and by customizing your mobile device settings to prevent sharing of location information;
Access request. If you have registered for an online account, we allow you to access and update certain personal information
that you have provided to us by logging into your online account and using the features and functionalities available there.
You may also make a request for access to your personal information, and we may request additional information from you
in order to verify your identity before accommodating an access request.
California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, then you have the following rights: You have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information; You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information; you have the right to request us to disclose to you, no more than twice within a twelve (12)-month period,
the personal information about you that Zeelool collects, uses, discloses, and sells during the preceding 12 months.
Children’s Privacy Zeelool does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 16 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.
If you believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to Zeelool in connection with our website or mobile application,
and without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us at privacy@zeelool.com
so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that they provided.
International Customers Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States,
you understand and agree that the personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States of America
and any other country or jurisdiction at our sole discretion. The laws that apply to the use and protection of personal information in the United States
or other countries or jurisdictions in which we transfer or process personal information may be different than the laws and protections in your country.
Account Deletion Customers using Zeelool APP on IOS devices are now able to have their account deleted. What happens after deleting your account: Your account related information, including order history, VIP privileges, points, coupons, etc., will be permanently deleted; Your personal data, including uploaded prescriptions, shipping addresses, etc., will be permanently deleted; We are unable to process requests and questions regarding your past orders once you delete your account.
It will be unable to associate your sales tax payments for past orders with you.
NOTE: You cannot delete your account if there is any pending order. Once your order is delivered, you may proceed to delete your account in your profile; If you have enabled auto-renewal of Zing VIP, you will have to disable the auto-renewal before you can delete your account. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this privacy policy,
please feel free to contact us at privacy@zeelool.com.
Changes to This Policy
We may make changes to this policy, and may apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. When we make changes to this policy,
we will notify you by posting the updated policy on our website, and/or via email.
Effective Date This Policy is effective October 30, 2021.
Need Help?
Help center
Order tracking
Follow Us On Social Media facebook youtube instagram twitter pinterest tiktok
Download ZEELOOL APP To Save More
© 2023 Zeelool Inc. All rights reserved
Only for styling reference. Try-on effects may be affected by lighting, camera distance, and/or other factors.
LOADING...
View
Details
Download Cancel