Log In GET STARTED
Omnichannel AdvantageFor AdvertisersFor AdvertisersOverview Brand-building, sales-driving media &
digital promotions for advertisersPromotions Network National & shopper promotions that drive valueMedia Platform Omnichannel media campaigns powered by exclusive dataQuotient Consumer Properties Shopmium app and more to engage directly with consumersDigital Promotions Report: Your Guide to Building High-Performing Promotion CampaignsDownload NowFor RetailersFor RetailersOverview Performance media & promotions technology for retailersRetailer Promotions Platform Innovative technology powering personalized promotionsRetailer Performance Media Platform Integrated onsite and offsite media technology powered by dataRetailer Media Services Creative strategy, media-buying and audience segmentationUnderstanding the World of Retail MediaDownload NowData & AnalyticsResourcesResourcesOverview Explore the latest blog content, eBooks, webinars & moreBlog Stay up to date with the latest industry trends and newsIn the News See how we’re leading digital media & promotions technologyEvents and Reports Upcoming events plus on-demand research & insightsWebinar: Promotions in the Value Shopper EraRead Our BlogCompanyCompanyOur Story Transforming shopping to make life betterInvestors Resources for our investor community Careers Join the Quotient teamWho We Work With Spotlighting case studies from brands,
retailers and partners Log In GET STARTED
Privacy PolicyBy continuing to use our services on or after January 1, 2023, you are agreeing to the updated Privacy Policy below.Effective from January 1, 2023.This Privacy Policy is applicable to Quotient Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries and services that link to this Privacy Policy, including Shopmium.com/US, the Shopmium mobile application, and the coupons.com mobile application.For information specific to the Coupons.com website and mobile website, please refer to the coupons.com website specific privacy policy (www.quotient.com/coupons-privacy-policy/).If you are visiting Quotient.com for business purposes and are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, our EEA and UK Privacy Policy applies to you.For visitors of Shopmium.com and users of the Shopmium app located in the EEA or UK, you can find information about our privacy policy specific to the non-US Shopmium.com website (e.g. Shopmium.com/UK, Shopmium.com/FR, and Shopmium.com/BE websites) and the non-US versions of the Shopmium mobile application (e.g. UK, France, and Belgium) by referring to the Shopmium Privacy Policy located on the Shopmium.com link specific to your country of residence (UK privacy policy, France Privacy Policy and Belgium Privacy Policy).1. IntroductionThank you for using our Services! Your trust is important to us and we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This information is used to provide you with a great shopping experience. Our privacy and data teams are committed to protecting the personal information we collect and helping to ensure that personal information is handled properly.This Privacy Policy explains how Quotient Technology Inc., formerly known as Coupons.com Incorporated (together with our subsidiaries, “Quotient,” “we” or “our”), collects, uses, and discloses your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to the websites, services, and mobile and software applications we own or control (the “Services”), including emails and designated portions of third-party websites and applications that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.By using any of the Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use into which it is incorporated. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not use any of the Services or provide to us any of your personal information.If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at [email protected], or in writing at the following address:Quotient Technology Inc.1260 E. Stringham, Suite 600Salt Lake City, UT 84106Attn: PrivacyIf you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed to your , please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)  https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.Our Services may include links to third-party websites, applications and services, and embedded third-party tools and widgets. Any third-party collection and use of your information are governed by the privacy policies of the respective third parties. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.2. UpdatesWe may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, including changes to how we disclose personal information, we will notify you by email or by providing notice on or through the Services prior to the change becoming effective. 3. What Information Do We Collect And Use?(a) Information You ProvideIf you create any type of account, download software, or participate in certain activities on the Services (such as surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions), we may ask you to provide us with personal information that can be used to specifically identify, locate, or contact you, such as: your full name, email address, postal mailing address, or telephone number. You may also have the option of providing us with other information about yourself or your household that may be associated with information that identifies you, such as, but not limited to, financial account information (for example, PayPal account information or ACH routing number and account number), retailer loyalty ID number, retailer online account information (including user ID and password), age or date of birth, gender, interests, product purchase information or receipts, zip code, product or content preferences (including saved offers and content favorites), comments and reviews, as well as any other information you may choose to provide.  If you provide financial account information to receive funds from the Services, we may utilize Hyperwallet payment services to deliver payments to you that are subject to the Hyperwallet Privacy Policy.When you submit a copy of your receipt, you are consenting to our collection of all the information contained in the receipt, such as the items purchased, quantity of items purchased, price of each item purchased, the total costs of purchases, any discounts applied, information about the store where the purchase was made (such as store ID, name, and address), and purchase method (cash, credit card, gift card).If you add a retailer loyalty ID number to your account or your retailer online account access information, you are agreeing to disclose, and authorizing us to use your loyalty ID number or account information to collect information about your shopping activity in-store and/or online either directly from the retailer or by accessing your online account with a retailer.  This information may include, historical (up to two years, if available) and future purchase data, including products purchased, quantities purchased, prices charged, where you made the purchases (for example, store name, store location, website address), and the time and date of your purchases. We do not use your loyalty ID number or online account information to collect data about you that is not normally provided on a purchase receipt, such as full payment card account information (account number, expiration date, security code, or billing address), or bank account numbers.It will always be your decision whether to directly provide to us your personal information. In some cases, if you decline to provide personal information to us, then we may not be able to provide you with certain Services, and you may not be eligible for coupons, cash back rewards, rebates, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions. For example, in order to use our Cash Back Offers, you must provide your financial account information, in addition to other requirements.  For information about how we handle user-submitted content (for example, posts, comments, or reviews), see Section 8.(b) Information Automatically Collected As You Access and Use the ServicesWhen you use or interact with the Services in any way, we may collect information automatically from you.  To collect this information, we may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, local storage, and other similar mechanisms to automatically collect information.  The information we automatically collect includes:Your activity on the Services (such as subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, content viewed, searches performed, and features accessed);Operating system, web browser information, and device attributes;Inbound-referral and outbound websites;Your internet protocol (“IP”) address, from which we may infer your geographic location, and other information;The geo-location of your device (using GPS or other geo-location data);How you interact with offers (e.g. coupons and cash back offers), advertisements, and other content available on or through the Services, such as whether you print a coupon or load or save an offer to your user account or to a retailer loyalty ID;The dates and times that you visited or used the Services, or requested certain services or transactions;Location information (see Location Services in Section 3.e below); andDevice or advertising identifier associated with your device.An identifier or personal information may be associated with the information collected using cookies and/or similar technologies. If you are accessing the Services from a mobile device, see Section 3.e for additional automatically collected information.Device Information and Identifier. When you use our Services or install on your computer or other device our coupon printing software, mobile applications, or other applications, we may collect and store information about that device that helps us manage our products and services, deliver a more customized experience for you (including enabling the delivery of more advertising on and off our Sites), and detect and prevent fraud. If you download the coupon printing software, a device identifier remains associated with that device even after uninstalling the software. This identifier is used primarily to prevent fraud. If you use our Services on your device, we will create an identifier for your activity, and a persistent identifier will be associated with any device you authenticate using your phone number.Cookies and Web Beacons. A cookie is a small text file or identifier. When you visit a Site, we may store one or more cookies or other similar information on your device. We use cookies for the purposes described in Section 4, including for advertising. Our Cookie Policy provides additional resources on cookies, and information about how to opt-out from certain interest-based advertisements. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent website visits. These persistent cookies can be removed, but each web browser is different. Please review your browser’s settings to learn how to manage your cookies. Our Services may also use web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags), which are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that are placed in the code of a webpage or email.Third-Party Cookies and Similar Technologies. We allow third-party companies to use cookies, pixels or other similar technologies on our Services to collect and use information such as hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, content viewed, search terms, location of the device, a cookie identifier, communication type (broadband or dial-up), and browser-related properties. These third parties include advertisers, service providers, advertising partners, affiliate-marketing networks and other companies with whom we partner to provide certain offers, promotions or features available on or through our Services or third-party properties, or to display advertising on the Services or third-party properties. Such third parties may use cookies to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you, to track off-Site transactions and to assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving the Services and our other products and services.  Further, such third parties may use information they directly collect from you in combination with information we provide (as described in Section 5) or information they collect from another source. In some cases, we may not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technology.  To learn more about interest-based advertising and your choices regarding third-party cookies, click here. Log Files and Local Storage (HTML5/Flash Cookies). As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date and time stamp, clickstream data and other data. We use this information to manage and operate our products and services, to offer you more personalized content and advertising, and for the other purposes described in Section 4 below.Certain Services may use local shared objects, such as Flash cookies, and local storage, such as, but not limited to, HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties may also use Flash cookies, HTML5 or other technology to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. Analytics. We may use our own and third-party tracking and analytics tools to better understand who is using our Services and how they are using them. These tools may use cookies and page tags to collect information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the website, IP address, and type of operating system used. One of the analytics tools we may use is Google Analytics. You can learn how to opt-out of the Google Analytics tracking software here.(c) Information From Third PartiesWe may receive information from third parties (including service providers, retailers, data partners and other business partners) about you, including personal information, cookies and other identifiers, information about in-store and online transactions, and demographic and household data. We may use this information to administer the applicable program or service, to offer you more personalized content and advertising (including by our customers and other third parties), and for the other purposes described in Section 4 below. For the purpose of helping you receive, in real-time or with real-world context, advertisements that are relevant to you based on your past or present location or experience, we may also collect precise location data (“PLD”), which is information that describes the geographic location of your device to within 1850 feet or less, such as GPS-level latitude-longitude coordinates or location-based Wi-Fi triangulation.When PLD is collected from third parties like mobile application publishers, those publishers are solely responsible for providing a mechanism through which you may enable or disable the collection of PLD from your device.(d) Information You Provide About a Third PartyIf you choose to use any of our referral services to tell someone else about our Services, or to email a promotion, we will ask you for that person’s name and email address. We will use the information you provide to automatically send to that person the referral, such as an email inviting him or her to the Services you recommended. We do not disclose this email to any third party, other than those third-party service providers used to transmit the referral.(e) Information From Use Of Our Mobile Websites and ApplicationsIn addition to other information described above, when you download or use one of our mobile applications, or access the Services through a mobile device, we may automatically collect information about your mobile device, including, but not limited to, your operating system, device type, and mobile device advertising identifier.  We may request access to your location, such as GPS, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and cell tower information to determine your approximate location. We may also request access to the device storage, camera, microphone and other features, and permission to send you push notifications. You may decline to provide location information, storage, camera and microphone access, and push notification permission at any time using your mobile device’s system settings. Please consult your mobile device’s instruction manual for additional information about controlling system and application settings.Location Services. Our mobile applications (“App”) may incorporate software from or access information from your mobile device for the App to provide certain location-based services. If you have location services enabled on your device for our App, we may use your location information to provide you tailored offers and ads and push notifications based, if push notifications are enabled.Mobile Analytics. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the usage and performance of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We may link the information collected by the analytics software to either an account identifier, or a mobile device advertising identifier. 4. How We Use Your InformationWe may use information that we collect for the following purposes:Provide Services to you;Setting up and managing your account;Operate, maintain, protect, improve, and optimize the Services and our other products and services;Communicate with you about coupons, cash back rewards, advertisements, promotional offerings, and other content found on and off our Services, including through push notifications, emails, and text messages, if you have given your consent to these receive any of these types of communications;Process and facilitate coupon printing, loading, and redemption activity;Process redemption activity and payment of cash back rewards or rebates;Manage and store shopping lists;Send you support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications;Detect and prevent fraud and other harmful activity;Conduct security investigations and risk assessments;Invite you to events and relevant opportunities;Monitor, measure, conduct analytics on, and improve marketing, advertising and promotional campaigns and efforts;Provide you with a personalized experience on and off the Services, including targeted advertisements and promotions of our customers, partners and other third parties, which are distributed by or through us or our advertising partners, that may be of interest to you based on your preferences, demographic data, purchase history, and interactions with and activities on our Services;Enable the distribution of promotions, marketing and advertising content;Advertising, including personalized advertising, through social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, or TikTok;Determine eligibility for certain promotions, coupons, rebates, or other offerings on our Services;Anonymize and aggregate information for different purposes, such as website traffic flow analysis, usage analysis, product development, market analysis, case studies, reports, insights, and marketing;For administrative purposes, such as sweepstakes administration or responding to your inquiries;Conduct surveys (e.g. customer satisfaction, feedback) that may be used to get to know you better and provide us with valuable insight that can help us offer solutions that meet your needs and expectations;Publish your product reviews on our Services, including in our mobile applications, and, as permitted, to disclose your comments to our partners for their use and to establish the authenticity of the comments;Provide customer service;Comply with local, national and international laws;Comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and policies; andDisclose information as described in this Privacy Policy.We may combine information about you collected across different Services and devices, and we may combine that information with information obtained from third parties. We may make inferences about you, such as product preferences and interests, based on this combined information. We and our advertising and measurements partners use the combined information and inferences to help our customers, partners and other third parties deliver and measure tailored promotions and advertising whether on our Services or elsewhere.We retain all information we collect about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.5. When We Disclose Information(a) We may disclose personal information and other information collected or obtained about you to our affiliates (subsidiaries or other companies owned or controlled by Quotient).  In all cases, the affiliates will only be able to use the information as set forth in Section 4 above.(b) We may work with other companies to operate, maintain and deliver the Services and the content, services and features available on and off the Services, including to provide personalized promotions and advertisements, for contests and sweepstakes, and to communicate with you by email, text message, or push notification. In such circumstances, those other companies will have access to the information needed, including personal information, to provide the applicable service, content or feature on our behalf, but they will not be permitted to use the information for any other purpose, except for the aggregation and other purposes set forth in Section 5.e. For instance, if you provide us a retailer loyalty ID number in order to load a coupon to your loyalty account, we will provide the retailer with the loyalty ID number and other information necessary to fulfill your load request. The retailer may then match this information with other information in its possession.(c) We work with third-party partners, such as publishers, data providers, and content providers (“Advertising and Measurements Partners”). We may disclose information (such as your interactions with our Services and transaction information), as well as inferences derived from that information (such as inferences regarding product preferences and interests), to these Advertising and Measurements Partners. Our Advertising and Measurements Partners may use the information we disclose to them for their own purposes. We and our Advertising and Measurements Partners also use the combined information and inferences to help partners and other third parties deliver and measure tailored promotions and advertising whether on or off our Sites.(d) We may disclose personal information to other companies with your consent or as part of a specific program or feature provided in partnership with a third party. If you choose to participate in such program or feature, you authorize those third parties to use your personal information. For example, we offer coupons on or through our Services that require you to fill out an advertiser survey in order to receive the coupon. If you choose to participate in the survey, then you authorize us to disclose the information you provide to the advertiser who provided the survey. You may also be given the option to sign up for promotional emails or text messages from a third party. If you sign up for such promotional emails or text messages, you authorize us to provide your email address or phone number to the applicable third party. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to third parties to obtain associated information, including cookies and other identifiers that do not personally identify you, and for marketing on our behalf. In such cases, the third party would be restricted from using your personal information for other purposes not associated with our Services.(e) We may disclose cookies or other identifiers (such as a cryptographic hash of an email address, certain cookies, age, gender, household income, interests, zip code, state, coupon activation and redemption data, purchase data, and other automatically collected information) and inferences drawn from information we collect to third parties for advertising and promotional use. A third party may match such information with information you have previously provided to that party, or other information that party has obtained. We also may disclose cookies or other identifiers to third parties that use cookies or other similar technologies on our Sites so that they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests and deliver those advertisements to you while you are either using our Services or on third-party websites. For example, if you print pet food coupons, then we may conclude that you have a pet and show you a pet care supply advertisement instead of a random advertisement. For additional information about interest-based advertising and how to opt out of certain types of advertising, click here.(f) We may aggregate personal information (excluding personal information that specifically identifies an individual, or that can be used to contact or locate a specific individual) or de-identify personal information, and disclose such aggregated or de-identified information to third parties; we may also disclose such aggregated or de-identified information publicly to provide information about general use of our Services. In addition, we may permit our third-party service providers and vendors that collect personal information in connection with performing functions or providing Services on our behalf to aggregate that personal information (excluding personal information that specifically identifies an individual, or that can be used to contact or locate a specific individual) or de-identify that personal information, to improve their own products and services or for their internal business and research purposes and we may permit such third parties to disclose such aggregated or de-identified information publicly to provide information about their services.(g) In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. You will be notified by email or a prominent notice on our Services of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.(h) We may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with local, state, or federal laws or to respond to a court order, judicial or other governmental subpoena or warrant, or in the event of bankruptcy proceedings. For example, where required by law, we will publicly disclose information about the winners of sweepstakes and contests. We also reserve the right to disclose information when we believe, in good faith, it is appropriate or necessary to protect us or the third parties we work with from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses, investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, assist government enforcement agencies, protect the security or integrity of the Services, and to protect our rights, property, or safety and those of the third parties we work with.6. Your ChoicesSite Accounts. If you registered a password-protected account with us, you may modify or correct your personal information and preferences at any time by logging into this account or by contacting us using this form. We will respond to you as soon as practicable and within 45 days from the date you contact us. If there is personal information that we cannot fully modify or delete upon your request, we will provide you with any available options. Before we are able to modify or correct your personal information, you may be required to provide additional authentication to confirm your identity, which may include, but is not limited to, email verification or a text message.Emails. You can opt-out of receiving marketing coupon email alerts and other emails such as newsletters by following the instructions included in our emails to you, or by contacting us using this form. In addition, you can change your preferences for certain Coupons.com emails by logging into your Coupons.com account and going to “Email Settings” or “Alerts.” Please note that if you opt out from all promotional emails, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages.In-App Push Advertising. Please note that if you opt out from all promotional push messages, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages through the App.California Do Not Track Disclosure. Because at this time, there is no general agreement on how companies should interpret Do Not Track signals, we do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals, whether a signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device. However, we offer you choices about how we use the information we collect through online tracking.Interest-Based Advertising. Our advertising partners, vendors and other third parties may track your online activities and collect information for use in providing content and advertising tailored to your interests.  For information about how to opt out of receiving certain behavioral advertisements, please click here. Privacy Contact. If you have any other questions about this policy or privacy related issues, please send an email to [email protected]7. Your RightsDepending on your state of residence, you may have certain rights with respect to your information under applicable law. This section describes the rights that may be available to you. If you are a resident of the state of California, you can find additional information about your rights in our Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents.a. Information RightsYou may have the right to make certain requests regarding your “personal information” or “personal data” (as such terms are defined under applicable law, and collectively referred to herein as “personal information”). Specifically, you may have the right to ask us to:Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information.Provide you access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Correct or update personal information we hold about you.Delete certain personal information we have about you.You may also have certain rights to opt out rights regarding the collection and use of your personal information, those rights are described below in subsection b.As provided in applicable law, you also have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights and Quotient does not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need to retain certain information in order to provide our services to you. We also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which includes, at a minimum, verifying your name and email address. You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you directly to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights please send an email to [email protected] or if would like to exercise any of them, please submit your request here.Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request, if applicable.  If we deny your request, we will provide you with information on how to appeal the decision, if applicable, in our communications with you.b. Opting Out of “Sales” and Processing for Targeted AdvertisingAs explained above, we provide information about your device and online browsing activities to third-party advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes. The disclosure of your information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information under applicable law or the processing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.If you would like to opt out of such “sales” or processing for targeted advertising, please click here.Please note that Quotient does not use personal information to make decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, and thus we are not required to have an opt-out for such uses.Please note that if you have a legally-recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser, we recognize such preference in accordance with applicable law.8. Registration via Third-Party Accounts and Social Media SharingYou may be given the opportunity to register with us via third-party accounts such as Facebook, Apple, or Google. These services will authenticate your identity and may provide you the option to provide certain information (such as, but not limited to, your name and email address) to us. We may store the information you provide us through such accounts and combine it with other information, including personal information. Disabling your third-party account may not terminate your account with us.  Refer to the terms and service and privacy policy providing the third-party account for more information on how they disclose information when you use your account to register with services such as Ours.Our Services may also include social media features, such as sharing widgets provided by Facebook, Twitter, Google, Pinterest and others. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and other information, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the terms of service and privacy policy of the company providing them.9. Community Forums/Blogs; User-Generated ContentWe may offer features that allow users to post comments, reviews, recipes, photos, video and other user-generated content to public areas within the Services (“Community Forums”). By default, when you post content to a Community Forum, it is public. In addition, your account name and photo may be associated with the content, and if so, may be displayed publicly. Your user profile may also link to your public profile from a third-party account if you registered with us through Facebook or other such services. Please take special note that your user profile and any user-generated content that you post, including any personal information, are intended for public consumption, will be publicly accessible and will not be considered confidential. We may display user-generated content on our Services, including comments and recipes, and we or our users may provide such content to third-party sites and services. To request removal of your personal information from any Community Forum, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.10. Our Commitment to Data SecurityThe Services may use various physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Additional security measures, such as Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) or other technology, will be used if you engage in financial transactions on our Services. However, as no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or that unauthorized access or theft of data might not occur.For features on our Services that require a login or password, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer or mobile device. Use strong logins and passwords that are difficult to guess and change your logins and password periodically. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Please notify us immediately if you think your account or login or password has been compromised.11. Our Commitment To Children’s PrivacyThe Site is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 16, and any use or access of the Site by anyone under the age of 16 is strictly prohibited. If we learn that personal information of a user under the age of 16 has been collected through the Services, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.12. Special Notice to Users Outside The United States of America Regarding International TransfersThe Internet is a global environment and Quotient is an international business with headquarters in the United States of America (“U.S.”) and so the personal information it collects about you may be processed in any of the countries where Quotient, its service providers or business partners operate, including the U.S.  The data protection laws of these countries may be different to the laws of the country where you are resident, but Quotient will protect your personal information strictly in accordance with this Privacy Policy at all times, wherever it is processed. Therefore, by using our Services and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of your information in this way.13. California Privacy Rights & NoticeIf you are a California resident, please click here to review our Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents and learn more about our information collection and use practices and the rights that you may have with respect to your information, such as the right to access, delete, and opt-out of the sale of your personal information.For AdvertisersFor AdvertisersMedia PlatformPromotions PlatformQuotient Consumer PropertiesFor RetailersFor RetailersRetailer Performance MediaRetailer Promotions PlatformRetailer Media ServicesResourcesResourcesBlogEvents and ReportsIn the NewsCompanyCompanyOur StoryInvestorsCareers© 2023 Quotient Technology Inc.Privacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsYour Privacy Choices Subscribe to Our EmailsFacebookLinkedinTwitterYouTubeAll Rights Reserved. Quotient, the Quotient logo, Shopmium and the Shopmium logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Quotient Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Other marks are the property of their respective owners. Confidential and Proprietary Information of Quotient Technology Inc. Please Do Not Copy or Circulate. We do not make any guarantees regarding outcomes that this product will meet your company’s unique needs.Tell us a bit about yourself and we'll keep in touchLoading Form...By submitting this form, you are agreeing to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive B2B marketing communications from Quotient.Thanks for signing up!We’ll keep you posted on Quotient news, product updates and special events!