×The Children’s PlaceOpen in The Children's Place appOpen
EARN A $5 REWARD
for every 100 points earned while shopping!*
Create An Account
skip to main contentWhat are you looking for?
Eng0Uniform ShopGirlToddler GirlBoyToddler BoyBabyShoesAmericana ShopAccessoriesMatching FamilySwim ShopShortsClearance
FREE SHIPPING
ON
EVERY PURCHASE 24/7/365
Want to save 15%?
SHIP TO STORE & SAVE MORE
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
Help Center
Help CenterPolicies...Privacy PolicyHelp Center HomeShopping Tools & TipsOrdering & ShippingTracking & ReturnsPromotions & PaymentsMy Place RewardsPoliciesCustomer ServicePrivacy Policy
Last updated: January 1, 2023
The Children's Place understands the importance of protecting your privacy and security. This Privacy Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, disclosing, and otherwise managing the information we collect from and about you when you visit our website, childrensplace.com, gymboree.com, sugarandjade.com or pjplace.com (the “Site”), use any of our mobile applications (each an “App”), visit or make a purchase at our stores (each a “Store”), or otherwise contact or interact with us offline ("Offline Services"). The Sites, Apps, Stores, and Offline Services are collectively referred to as the
"Services."
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide
The Children’s Place collects information from and about you when you choose to share it with us. This may include when you use the Services, register for an account, make a purchase, participate in promotional activities, sign up for our newsletters or email lists, register for a loyalty program, participate in a product review, survey, or other similar programs, provide us with services in your capacity as a vendor, or otherwise contact or communicate with us. The information we collect may include your name, billing and/or shipping address or zip/postal code, mobile or other phone number, email address, photographs, date of birth, and, when you use the App, we may utilize touch ID or other similar services, if enabled.
For example, you also may provide us with certain information in connection with specific transactions:
Make a Purchase - If you make a purchase, we collect payment information to process the payment. Depending on the form of payment you choose this may include credit or debit card, PayPal, or Apple Pay applicable details.
Device-Location Information - If you download and use one of our Apps, you may choose to allow the App to collect precise information about the location of your device. In order to allow the App to collect real-time location information you must opt-in to this service when prompted by the App and also enable the GPS services on your mobile device.
Interactions through Social Media -
You may also engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, such as Facebook or Twitter. When you do, we may automatically receive certain information about you based on your registration and privacy settings on those third party services. This may include, but may not be limited to, name, username, demographic information, updated address or contact information, location, interests, and publicly-observed data.
Invite-a-Friend/Information about a Third Party - If you send someone else communication from the Site or App, such as an invitation to a friend, the information you provide about yourself and the third party ( e.g., name, e-mail address) will be used to facilitate the communication. Please ensure you only provide information about individuals with whom you have a personal or family relationship and who would want to receive the communication.
Information Automatically Collected
The Children's Place, or its service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information about visitors to our Site or App, users of our online services, and interactions with our emails and online advertisements, and to allow us to keep track of analytics and certain statistical information.
For example, we may collect information such as your domain type, browser version, operating system type or mobile device model, service provider, IP address or MAC address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, and Wi-Fi networks that you connect to. We also may collect information about your use of the Site or App, including the date and time you visit, the areas or pages that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Site or App, the number of times you return, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that you open, forward or click-through to our Site or App, and other sites or apps that you may visit. In addition, we may collect other information about the technical efficiencies of our Site and services, such as the time to connect to our Site, time to download pages and the number of times different pages are visited.
Third Party Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
We also may use third party advertising, analytics, and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Site or App, how people are using the Site or App, how to improve the effectiveness of the Services and related content, and to help us or those third parties measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and serve more relevant advertising to you on our Site or App and on other websites or apps. To support this interest-based advertising solution, we, or our service providers (such as ad networks and other advertising companies), may collect and use information about your visits to our Site or App and to other websites or apps (such as web pages you visit and your response to ads), and/or information from your mobile device and email. These third parties may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, tracer tags, pixel tags, log files, flash cookies, or other technologies to collect and store this information. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Site or App with information they collect from other sources.
Please visit the “Your Choices” section of this Privacy Policy for further information, including information about Do Not Track and how to disable cookies.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may acquire information from other sources to update or supplement the information that you provide or that we collect automatically (such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic information). We will use the information we acquire to help maintain the accuracy of your personal information, understand and improve our product and service offerings, to assist in the selection of store location and otherwise in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Combination of Information
We may combine the information we collect from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect, with information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources.
INFORMATION USE
The Children’s Place may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:
To respond to your inquiries, provide you with the Services, provide you with notices about your account, and to contact and communicate with you when necessary or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy.
To validate, confirm, verify, deliver, and track your order (including to process payment transactions, arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, and contact you about your orders, including by telephone).
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Site or App.
To contact you with information, newsletters, or promotional materials from The Children’s Place or on behalf of our affiliates and partners.
To provide you with personalized or customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site or App, via email, through push notifications, on your shopping receipt, or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services.
To use your device location information to determine your physical proximity to our Stores when you use the App and elect to use such features. These features may be used to help you locate nearby Stores or to provide you with deals or coupons based on your device’s location.
To use your data in an aggregated, non-specific format for our analytical and demographic purposes.
To review the usage and operations of our Services, develop new products or services, and to enhance or improve our content, products and services.
To address problems with the Services, our business, or our products and services.
To protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business.
To manage our relationships with vendors who provide services on our
behalf.
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
INFORMATION SHARING
The Children’s Place may share the information we collect from or about you as follows:
Affiliates: We may share your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for business, operational, promotional and marketing purposes. Such affiliates and subsidiaries may also act in the role of service provider.
Service Providers: We may share your information with our service providers that provide us with business, professional, advertising or technical support, help us operate our business and the Services, or administer activities or other functions on our behalf. Your personal information may be maintained and processed by our service providers in the US or other jurisdictions. For further information about the manner in which our service providers process your personal information, contact the Privacy Officer as set out below.
Co-Branded Relationships: Certain areas of our Services may be provided to you in association with third parties, such as advertisers that provide products and services or rewards programs. We may share information with these third parties as specified at the time of collection of your personal information if you participate in a co-branded, co-sponsored, or jointly presented promotion, contest, survey, voting feature, or service.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions (a "Promotion"), we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, as required by law, as permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Legal Matters; Safety: We may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, judicial process or government requests and investigations (which may include lawful access by US, Canadian or other foreign governmental authorities, courts or law enforcement agencies), or in connection with any investigation on matters related to public safety, or as required or otherwise permitted by applicable law. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Services, servers, network systems, and databases or in the course of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms and Conditions, any other legal document or contract related to our Services, or the rights of any third party.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of business. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be disclosed or transferred as part of any prospective or completed merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider. In the unlikely event any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may also be transferred as a business asset.
Aggregate or Anonymous Information: We may share aggregate, or anonymous, or de-identified information with third parties, including for their marketing or analytics uses.
Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection.
YOUR CHOICES
Cookies and Tracking Options
Certain parts of our Site and App require cookies as set out in the section “Information Automatically Collected.” You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or App or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your Web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences, or click here for additional instructions. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.
Interest-Based Advertising
We may use cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to link data collected across other computers or devices that you may use. To understand your choices for receiving more relevant advertising or to manage your settings, please review the information below:
To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to know your choices with respect to collection and use of the data by these third party tools, you may visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices, and Evidon’s opt-out page at https://www.evidon.com/resources/global-opt-out. To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Please note that if you opt-out of receiving interest-based ads, you may continue to see ads on the Site or ads for our Services on other sites, but they may not be based on your interests and may be less relevant to you.
On your mobile device, you may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you receive more relevant advertising, and your preferences on sharing your location.
Opt-Out Preferences
We provide our customers with the opportunity to update their information or opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to placement, processing, fulfillment, or delivery of a product order or servicing of your product. To opt-out of marketing communications, you may use one of these convenient methods:
Electronic Promotional Offers: If you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special promotions or offers, you may (i) click here to send us an email; or (ii) unsubscribe from our email marketing communications at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. Please note that you may continue to receive certain transactional or account- related messages from us.
Mobile Promotional Offers:
When you provide us with your mobile number for marketing purposes, we may send you certain marketing alerts via text message. Standard data and message rates will apply. If you no longer wish to receive mobile alerts from us, you can follow the instructions provided in those messages or otherwise reply STOP to any The Children’s Place alert.
When you use the App, you may receive push notifications. If you prefer not to receive push notifications, you may adjust your settings on your mobile device.
Access to or Updating of Your Information
To update your account information, please log into the Site, visit My Account, and click on the "Profile Information” link or other relevant link.
If you reside in California or Virginia, you have certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a California resident, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the California Consumer Privacy Statement of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a California or Virginia resident and you use the Services or interact with us in an individual or household capacity (and not in a commercial or employment context), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, as described below.
You may request access to, or correction or deletion of, your personal information by sending us an email by clicking here, or calling us at 1-877- 752-2387. Select your state of residence and the nature of your request in the drop-down menu.
You may opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, certain profiling or the sale of your personal information by sending us an email by clicking here, or calling us at 1-877- 752-2387. Select your state of residence and the nature of your request in the drop-down menu.
To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of an individual, please send us an email by clicking here or call us at 1-877-752-2387. Select the individual’s state of residence and the nature of the individual’s request in the drop-down menu.
You may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by sending us an email by clicking here.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, LINKS, AND PLUG-INS
The Site or App may contain links to third-party websites, applications, or online services, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. These links are provided solely for your convenience and information. The Children's Place is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. The Site or App may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site to receive data from or about you based on your privacy settings on those third party services. In some cases, we may know that you clicked on a social plugin, such as a Facebook or Twitter follow button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have previously provided personal information to a third party operating a plug-in on the Site or App, then such third party may recognize you on this Site or App. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social network plugins, and are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
PUBLIC FORUMS
Any information you may disclose on our Site or App, in blogs, on message boards, in chat rooms, or on other public areas on the Site or App or other third-party websites, applications, or services that this Site or App may link to, becomes public information. Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen. If The Children’s Place learns that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personally identifiable information to the Site, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our files.
SECURITY
We have taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and Site and App visitors. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site and App. Your continued use of the Site or App following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer via phone at 1-877-752-2387 or click here to send us an email.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last updated: January 1, 2023
This California Consumer Privacy Statement (“Statement”) supplements
the Privacy Policy and applies solely to California consumers. This Statement does not apply to The Children’s Place associates or job applicants.
This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”)) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “CCPA/CPRA”).
1. Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, and other similar identifiers
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, education, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, and medical information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, age, sex, gender, marital status, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Services or other third- party websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, and similar
information
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy and for certain business purposes specified in the CCPA/CPRA, such as:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing services, providing analytics services, providing storage or providing similar services
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us
Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
Providing advertising and marketing services, except for cross-context behavioral advertising (which is addressed in the “Sale or Sharing of Personal Information” section of this Statement)
2. Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in the Privacy Policy and this Statement, or any other notice provided at the time of data collection, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and records retention requirements under applicable law, as well as our records retention requirements and policies.
3. Sources of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, as follows:
Directly from you, for example, when you register for a My Place Rewards account, make a purchase, participate in promotional activities, sign up for our newsletters or email lists, participate in a product review or survey, or otherwise contact or communicate with us
From your devices, for example, through your use of the Services
Your friends, such as when they send a “Refer a Friend” email or a gift
order directly to you
Our employees, such as information included in a safety report
Our affiliates
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Social networks
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Internet service providers
Data analytics providers
Operating systems and platforms
Government entities and other publicly available sources
Data brokers
4. Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may disclose your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services, advertising networks, social networks and online analytics providers) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our Services for cross-context behavioral advertising or analytics purposes. These types of disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” for cross-context behavioral advertising under the CCPA/CPRA when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement), the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services, advertising networks and social networks:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Online activity
Inferences
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
5. Disclosure of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
our affiliates and subsidiaries
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
our joint marketing partners
online advertising services
our business partners
internet service providers
operating systems and
platforms
data analytics providers
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
Protected Classifications
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
Geolocation Data
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
Sensory Data
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
Employment Information
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
Commercial Information
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
online advertising services
our business partners
data analytics providers
Online Activity
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
our joint marketing partners
online advertising services
operating systems and
platforms
data analytics providers
Inferences
our affiliates
vendors who provide services
on our behalf
online advertising services
data analytics providers
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have disclosed personal information about you to the following additional categories of third parties: governmental entities, professional service organizations, such as auditors and law firms.
6. California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we maintain about you, if that information is inaccurate.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, or the sharing of your personal information for cross- context behavioral advertising purposes.
Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties.
How to Submit a Request.
To submit an access, correction or deletion request, or to submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, send us an email by clicking here or call us at 1-877-752-2387. Select “State Privacy Inquiry” as well as the nature of your request in the drop down menu.
To opt out of the sale of your personal information, or sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, send us an email by clicking here or call us at 1-877-752-2387. Select “State Privacy Inquiry” in the subject drop down menu, “Do Not Sell or Share” in the reason drop down menu, and include “Do Not Sell or Share My Information” in the first line of the message. If you would like to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information associated with a different device or browser, please submit an opt-out request using that device or browser. Note that if you clear your cookies on a particular browser or device, you may need to re-submit your opt-out request.
To make a Shine the Light Request, send us a letter addressed to: The Children’s Place, Attn: Privacy Officer – California Shine the Light Request, 500 Plaza Drive, Secaucus, NJ 07094 or send us an email by clicking here. Select “State Privacy Inquiry” in the drop down menu, “Access Request – Categories” in the reason drop down menu, and include the statement “Your California Privacy Rights – Shine the Light” in the first line of the message We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. Non-affiliated third parties are independent from The Children’s Place and if you wish to receive information about your disclosure choices or stop communications from such third parties, you will need to contact those non-affiliated third parties directly.
Verifying Requests. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have a My Place Rewards account with us, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have a My Place Rewards account with us and you request access to, or deletion or correction of, your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the following information: home address, telephone number, email address, and/or recent purchase information. In addition, if you do not have a My Place Rewards account and you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we may require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate correction an authorized agent to make an access, , deletion or opt-out of sale or sharing request on your behalf, (a) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (b) for access, correction and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).
Additional Information. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA/CPRA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please send us an email by clicking here or call us at 1-877-752-2387 to request this Statement in an alternative format.
My Place Rewards. We may collect and use personal information in connection with the My Place Rewards Program. For a description of the program, please click here.
Get in touch with us!
We’re available Monday to Friday from 9am-5pm EST
Customer Service
Live Chat
1-877-752-2387
Email Us
Help CenterReturn PolicyOrder StatusCustomer SupportLeave Feedback