Sign In
Live Chat
Help
Stores
Order Status
My Account
0 item(s)
Search
Account
Cart
Graphic Tees
New Arrivals
Top Sellers
Trending Now
Steven Rhodes T Shirts
Plus Size T Shirts
Statement T Shirts
Music & Band T Shirts
Movie T Shirts
TV T Shirts
Horror T Shirts
Hentai T Shirts
Anime T Shirts
Funny T Shirts
Tie Dye T Shirts
Holiday T Shirts
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Clearance T Shirts
Body Jewelry
Top Sellers
Barbell Jewelry
Belly Button Rings
Titanium Jewelry
Cartilage Earrings
Ear Gauges, Plugs & Stretching
Eyebrow Rings
Fake Body Jewelry
Fashion Jewelry
Horseshoes & Captives
Lip Rings & Labret Jewelry
Nipple Rings
Nose Rings & Nose Studs
Organics
Piercing Aftercare
Playboy Jewelry
Retainers
Septum Rings
Silicone
Tongue Rings
Room & Décor
Ashtrays
Black Lights & Accessories
Flags
Fleece Blankets
Holistic & Healing
Kitchen & Bar
Lava Lamps
Party Lighting
Pillows
Planters
Plush Toys
Posters
Stash Jars & Storage Boxes
Tapestries & Wall Art
Sex & Wellness
Shop By Brand
Vibrators
Dildos
Strap-Ons
Mens Sex Toys
Couples Sex Toys
Sexual Enhancements
Anal Toys
Bondage Gear
Handcuffs & Restraints
Stripper Poles
Lubes & Lotions
Sex Toy Kits
Adult Novelties
Lingerie
Sex Toy Batteries & Hygiene
Lingerie
Babydolls & Slips
Body Stockings
Bridal Lingerie
Corsets & Bustiers
Crotchless Panties
Fantasy Dress Up
Holiday Lingerie
Hosiery
Lingerie Dresses
Naughty Sleepwear
Bras & Panties
Pasties & Garters
Plus Size Lingerie
Teddies & Bodysuits
Fashion
Alt Girl
Backpacks
Belts & Buckles
Bottoms
Boxers
Face Masks
Bags & Purses
Hats, Caps & Beanies
Jewelry
Keychains & Lanyards
Mini Backpacks
Pajamas & Slippers
Playboy Merch & Accessories
Socks
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Tops
Tees
Wallets
Drinkware
Coffee Mugs
Shooters & Shot Glasses
Plastic Drinkware
Steel Drinkware
Pint Glasses
Beer Mugs
Flasks
Wine Glasses
Beer Pong Tables & Accessories
Beer Bongs & Funnels
Drinking Accessories
Birthday Drinkware
Gifts & Humor
Bachelor Party
Bachelorette Party
Birthday
Funny Gifts
Gags & Pranks
Games & Puzzles
Toys & Figures
Pop Culture
Anime
Danny Duncan
Disney
Funko
Gaming
Hentai
Horror
Loungefly
Movies
Official Cheetos Merch & Accessories
Playboy Merch & Accessories
Pride
Shonen Jump
Music-Shop by Artist
Music-Shop by Genre
Steven Rhodes
Superheroes
Television
Seasonal
Spring
Pride
Americana
Back To School
Backpacks
Halloween
Christmas
Valentine's Day
Clearance
Clearance T Shirts
Accessories Clearance
Sex & Wellness Clearance
Seasonal Clearance
Spencer Gifts Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 1, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes how Spencer Gifts LLC ("Spencer's", "we", "our", "us") may collect, use, or share information it receives through www.spencersonline.com (the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Spencer's does not own or control.
I. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
A. Information You Provide
We may obtain information that you provide directly to us on the Site, for example when you sign up for email communications, register an account on the Site, enter promotions and sweepstakes, make purchases or donations on the Site, contact customer service (including through the Site's live chat feature), participate in surveys, make a product request, or otherwise interact with the Site. This information may include personal information, which is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, mailing address, billing address, email address, phone number, occupation, company affiliation, username, or payment card information. If you submit to us someone else's personal information (e.g., their contact or mailing/shipping information), you represent that you are authorized to provide this information to us.
B. Information Collected Automatically
In addition to information you submit through the Site, we may collect certain information using automated tools, such as cookies. "Cookies" are small data files stored by your web browser on your device. Cookies may allow a website to recognize a user's device, record user preferences, track the pages a user clicks on while visiting the Site, and identify the website visited immediately beforehand. Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but you may be able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. Please note that blocking cookies may affect the availability and functionality of the Site and other websites.
The types of information we collect automatically when you visit the Site may include IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, anonymous traffic data, and pages viewed. We may use GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-aware technologies to locate you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting functionality or content based on your location. Our store locator's feature may access and use information about your device location (e.g., based on your IP address) to suggest appropriate store locations. Our Site may be personalized based on various information we have about you to provide you with more relevant content.
We may combine certain automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include information we obtain from our vendors. We or third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time when you use the Site.
Data Analytics and Advertising
We may use ad technology vendors, such as Facebook, to collect and use data in connection with our advertising. These ad technology companies and advertisers may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from the Site and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide advertising services to us, including interest-based advertising or advertisements targeted to your interests.
We may also use certain analytics services including Adobe Analytics, and Facebook Custom Audiences - to help us understand and analyze how visitors use the Site and serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. We use Adobe Analytics Advertising for features such as gathering data on how visitors use the Site. We and our vendors may use first-party cookies or other first-party identifiers as well as third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers to track demographics, remarketing, and improve user experience. To find out more about how these advertising and analytics services manage the privacy of information in conjunction with delivering ads online, and how to opt-out of information collection by these networks, please visit:http://www.youradchoices.com, http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices,http://www.networkadvertising.org.
You may opt out of Facebook Custom Audience by logging into your Facebook account and changing your privacy or advertising settings as per Facebook's opt out instructions. Please note that we do not control how other parties manage their opt-out processes.
Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a "DO NOT TRACK" signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites, the Site is not designed to respond to "DO NOT TRACK" signals received from browsers. To learn more about "DO NOT TRACK" signals, visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
C. Information Collected from Third Parties
Other parties, our service providers, or partners may disclose your personal information that you submit to them. For example, these vendors may disclose your personal information to us when you submit a product review, purchase a product, or donate money. When submitting information to these vendors, you are subject to that vendor’s terms of use and privacy policy. Spencer’s may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from these vendors.
II. USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information we collect about you for various purposes, including: responding to your requests; processing your transactions; personalizing your online experience and improving the Site; for administrative purposes such as conducting contests and processing prizes; monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities of visitors and users of the Site; to communicate or market to you; to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process as well as industry standards and our company policies; preventing, investigating, identifying, or taking any other action with regard to any suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity or any activity that violates our policies; or for any other purposes, with your consent.
We may also use your information for remarketing or reengaging purposes; or similar audience features; or for other advertising purposes, such as delivering ads over time and across websites, mobile apps, and devices. For these purposes, we may use vendors, such as Google, which may use cookies or device identifiers to show you ads across the Internet, based on your past visits to the Site.
III. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may share your information, including your personal information, with other parties as described below.
A. Our Corporate Affiliates
We may share information we collect about you with our corporate affiliates.
B. Strategic Partners
From time to time, we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with us to provide additional features on the Site. These special relationships may include business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites (referred to here as co-branded pages). Any information, including personal information, that you provide on one of these co-branded pages, may be shared with these partners. By participating in activities or providing your information on these co-branded pages, you consent to our providing your information to those partners. Separate privacy policies may apply to these uses of your personal information.
C. Service Providers
We may use service providers to help us operate our business and the Site, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending emails, serving advertisements, order fulfillment, sweepstake administration, Site maintenance, and customer service. For advertising purposes, we may share with service providers your information, including your personal information (such as your email address) and information we collect automatically. These service providers act on our behalf at our direction.
D. Other Disclosures
Information, including personal information, may also be shared: as permitted by law; in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction), including negotiations of such transactions; where we determine that disclosure of specific information is necessary to comply with the request of a law enforcement or regulatory agency or other legal process; or to enforce our policies, or to protect legal rights, propriety, or safety.
IV. THIRD-PARTY FEATURES
We may provide third-party interfaces or links on the Site to facilitate your sending a communication from the Site. For example, we may use third parties to facilitate tweets, likes content sharing, or content submissions such as product reviews. On the Site we may enable access to, or display of, third-party content, that is served or published by the third party; that third party may be collecting data from you in connection with that content. These third parties may collect and retain any information used or provided in connection with these interactions and these third parties' practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy. For example, the Site utilizes a third party to facilitate customer product reviews on products sold by Spencer's. When submitting information through an embedded third-party feature, you are subject to that third party terms of use and privacy policies. By submitting personal information through embedded third-party features, you acknowledge that those third parties may share your submitted personal information with us and, if you are submitting your information for publication (e.g., product reviews), we may automatically publish or re-publish your submitted content, including your personal information.
V. SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, ETC.
We may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles, and similar promotions (each, a promotion jointly sponsored or offered by other parties that may require submitting personal information). If you choose to participate in a promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to these parties as described in the terms applicable to that promotion. Insofar as the terms applicable to a particular promotion conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms applicable to the promotion shall control.
VI. LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES's PRIVACY PRACTICES
The Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Spencer's for your convenience and information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices. You should review those privacy policies to understand how these parties may use or disclose your personal information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that we do not control.
VII. SECURITY
We strive to maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards that are designed to help protect personal information collected or received through the Site. We limit access to your personal information to our employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Although we follow reasonable procedures to safeguard information, transmission via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information submitted online.
VIII. CHOICE
A. Account Information
You may change your account information, including mailing addresses in your address book and billing and payment card information, by logging into your Site account and accessing the account settings feature.
B. Email Marketing
You may opt out of email marketing communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the body of the email or by contacting us at:
Mailing address:Spencer Gifts LLC
6826 Black Horse Pike
Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234
Phone number: 1-800-762-0419
Email address: GuestServices@spencergifts.com
If you are a registered user on the Site, you may also control your email marketing preferences through your account settings. Please allow up to 10 business days for your request to be processed. Note that regardless of your opt-in preferences, Spencer's may still send you program emails for administrative reasons.
C. Location-Based Features
If GPS, geo-location or other location-based features are enabled on your device, you acknowledge that your device location may be tracked and may be shared with others. Some devices and platforms may allow disabling some, but not all, location-based features or managing such preferences. Typically, your proximity or connection to wi-fi, Bluetooth, and other networks may still be tracked when location services are turned off on device settings. Territory geo-filtering may be required in connection with use of some Site features due, for instance, to content territory restrictions.
IX. CHILDREN PRIVACY
Our Site is not intended for, nor targeted to, children under 13, and we do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law.
X. VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section supplements other parts of our Privacy Policy, and provides additional information for Virginia consumers, including how to exercise their rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"). Capitalized terms defined in the VCDPA that are used in this section shall have the same meaning as in the VCDPA.
This section describes our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data. You can learn more about the Personal Data we Process in the "Collection of Information" section and the purpose for processing such Personal Data in the "Use of Information" section above. You can also learn more about our disclosure of Personal Data and the categories of Third Parties we disclose Personal Data to in the "Disclosure of Information" section above.
A.	Additional Information about Certain Data Uses
Targeted Advertising: We do not Process your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising.
Sales of Personal Data: We do not Sell your Personal Data.
B.	Making a Privacy Rights Request
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have the right to submit certain requests relating to your Personal Data as described below. To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our webform. Please note that we will need to authenticate your identity before your request can be processed. For authentication, you will be asked to verify your identity in accordance with the law.
Right to Access and Data Portability: You have the right to confirm whether we are Processing your Personal Data, to access your Personal Data, and to obtain a copy of Personal Data you provided to us in a portable format.
Right to Correct: You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and our purposes for Processing it.
Right to Delete: You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Data.
Right to Opt Out: We do not engage in (a) Targeted Advertising; (b) the Sale of Personal Data; or (c) Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, and therefore do not provide an opt out right.
Right to Appeal: If you are a resident of Virginia and are unsatisfied with the resolution or result of a prior request, you may appeal your request using our webform.
Please note that if you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the Personal Data submitted in connection with your request for recordkeeping purposes.
X. INFORMATION FOR USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that information we obtain about you will be processed in the United States or in other jurisdictions. By using the Site, you acknowledge your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, jurisdictions outside your own, as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal information transferred to the United States or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
XI. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. These changes will take effect immediately upon posting. For your convenience, the last updated date of the current Privacy Policy will be posted at the top of this page. By continuing to use the Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.
XII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the Site, you may contact us at legaldept@spencergifts.com.
Email Sign Up
Be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals!
EmailJoin
You
must agree to receive emails from Spencer Gifts LLC.
Follow Us
Make A Difference
Donate to Boobies Make Me Smile and support the fight against young adult cancer.
Learn
More
Accounts & Orders
My
Account
Order Status
Return Policy
Start a Return
Shipping Info
Product Info
Jewelry Happiness Guarantee
Intimate Warranty
Pierced Nation
Ask Jackie
Site Map
Company Info
The Inspo Spot
Store Locator
About Spencer's
Spencer's
Careers
Job
Application
Affiliates
Policies
Website Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Spencer Gifts online privacy
policy
California Consumer Privacy Act
Notice
California Consumer Privacy Act Request Form
California Transparency In Supply Chains
Act
Philly Fair Chance
L.A. Fair Chance
Website
Accessibility Policy
Transparency in Coverage (TCR)
Company Info
Our Blog
Store Locator
About Spencer's
California Transparency In Supply Chains
Act
California Consumer Privacy Act
Notice
California Consumer Privacy Act Request Form
Website
Accessibility Policy
Site Map
Klarna badge
Spencer Gifts 6826 Black Horse Pike, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234
Copyright © 2023 Spencer Gifts,llc