Help CenterSign upLog inHelp CenterAccountMercari Privacy PolicyMercari Privacy Policy
Through this Policy, Mercari, Inc., a Delaware corporation, informs you about the personal information collection and use practices relating to your use of Mercari's mobile application and website consumer-to-consumer marketplace service. It does not cover other data collection or processing by Mercari or data that other companies or individuals collect or sites or services that are linked from our service.
Notice at Collection
At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details in this statement by clicking on the above links.
Changes
Carefully review this policy. We will amend it from time to time as our technology, services, features and business models change, so you should review the current privacy policy every time you use our service.
Children
Individuals under the age of 18 are not allowed to use the Mercari service. If you are a parent or guardian of a child and become aware that your child has provided personal information to us, please contact us as described in this Privacy Policy and we will take reasonable steps to remove such information unless otherwise required by applicable law.
Account Data
When you sign up for our service, you actively provide us with account registration information that you can access and update within the Mercari app or website at any time, including:
1. Contact information, such as your name, address, phone, and email
2. Financial information, such as bank account and/or credit card numbers
3. Detailed personal information, such as your date of birth or tax identification
number
We use the personal information we collect about you to provide our services, improve our services, and to market to you. For example, we use your email address to communicate with you about transactions, new services and other topics we believe are of interest to you. We use your mailing address for delivery of items you purchase through our service. We collect your credit card or other payment card information for payment processing purposes and your bank account information to post deposits when you sell items through our service. We collect social network information for login and authentication purposes.
When we are required by applicable law, we collect additional information from you such as your social security number, tax identification number or date of birth, and we may request you to
provide us with such information. You consent to promptly comply with such a request from us if you wish to continue using the service. We use this additional information, in combination with other information we may collect from you such as information about your government-issued identification, for identity verification and fraud prevention purposes, or any other purposes necessary to comply with applicable law.
We may also update your registration information, for example, if you provide a new email or shipping address on your account.
Usage Data
When you use the Mercari service, we process and deliver to you and other users of our service information about your Mercari transactions, such as information about items that you list for sale through our service and messages exchanged with other Mercari users. In this context, we receive information about your device, software, who you communicate with, message content, locations and our access logs, which includes IP address, device ID, your actions within our service and language settings.
Our browser-based mobile version and website also place cookies (session cookies and persistent cookies) as necessary to provide functionality to you. We associate usage data with your device and your personal account. We process usage information to deliver, improve and optimize our Mercari service, to protect our services, users and others from actual or potential fraud and misuse, and to determine what information, features, promotional information and other services you need or may be interested in. We may combine your usage information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize your Mercari experience.
The information Mercari collects may be sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other access device. The information includes, but is not limited to, the following: data about the pages you access, computer IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information (IP country and city), computer and connection information, internet service provider (ISP), mobile network information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log data and other information. You may opt out of geo-location information collection by editing the setting at your device level.
Third Party Sources
We may obtain information about you from third parties such as
identity verification services.
We may combine your usage data with information we collect from other
companies such as Google Analytics to customize and improve your user
experience. Google Analytics collects information regarding the use of
other websites, apps and online resources. (For more information,
please visit
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.)
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social networks. The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Mercari account and authorizing Mercari to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookie Statement
We and third parties we work with may automatically collect information such as device data and online activity data through automated methods such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. Information collected via these methods may be used for purposes of targeted advertising including to serve interest-based advertising about Mercari’s service and any products featured on Mercari.
The online advertising industry provides websites through which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from parties that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android, iOS, and others. You must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. Please note you will continue to receive transactional data and general ads.
Many Internet browsers allow you to adjust your cookie preferences or delete existing cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you should be aware that certain browser-based app or website features, promotions or services may not be available to you or may not function correctly.
Certain Internet browsers may enable you to set "do not track" preferences to limit the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Mercari’s systems do not respond to Internet browser "do not track" signals or similar mechanisms.
Data Access and Retention
You can review, access and edit your account information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings. You can also close your account.
We retain account and usage data as long as required or permitted by applicable law. We may retain personal information from your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, complete investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our Terms of Service, or take other actions as required or permitted by law.
Disclosures, Sharing
We may share any of the personal information we collect as follows:
1. with your consent or at your direction (including with another Mercari user to facilitate a transaction you have entered into with such user).
2. as necessary to collect or process a payment.
3. to service or process a product or service requested by you or otherwise provide
our service to you.
4. to enable service providers under contract to facilitate operations, such as fraud
prevention & risk management, bill collection, marketing, shipping or delivery
services, customer service and technology services.
5. as necessary to resolve a problem between Mercari users or with third parties.
6. with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers in the United States and abroad that help us deliver, analyze, improve and manage our service.
7. as required by law in response to lawful requests by government authorities or third parties or to assert or protect legal rights.
8. to comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
9. with our corporate affiliates.
10. as necessary to protect you, other users, us or third parties from actual or potential harm, including fraud, data security or confidentiality breaches, other liability, or where someone's physical safety seems at risk.
11. to maintain or service your account.
12. in connection with a proposed or actual sale or reorganization of our company,
divisions or assets, subject to the acquirer accepting the commitments made in
this Policy and in compliance with applicable law.
13. as described in this Policy.
14. as otherwise permitted by law.
Note that when you publicly post content, such as sales listings, that content is visible and available to third parties.
International Data Transfer
To facilitate our operations, we may transfer, store and process your personal information in the United States and jurisdictions other than where you live. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence.
Your Choices and Rights
Your Choices.
We respect your communication preferences. If you no longer wish to receive notifications from our application, you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the Mercari application.
Mercari may use information collected for its own marketing purpose. If we send marketing messages, you can opt out by changing the settings in your Mercari profile account, by contacting us at
contact-us@mercari.com
or by following the directions that may be provided within the communication itself to opt out. Note that if you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing messages, such as messages about your account, transactions or regarding products and services you have requested.
Your Rights. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request to Know or Access Personal Information Collected about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information; and (iii) receiving an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”). To exercise your “right to know,” please use this FORM . By clicking on the form, you will be sent to TrustArc, Mercari’s privacy partner in fulfilling these customer requests;
Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for targeted advertising, if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
Request Deletion of your personal information; and
Appeal Our Decision to decline to process your request.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact our customer support via the Help Center in the Mercari app or website or email us at
us-datarequest@mercari.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia may have the right to contact the attorney general in their state if they have concerns with how a request was handled or Mercari’s privacy practices.
Supplemental Notices
GLBA Notice. For information on our processing of Non-public Information that is subject to
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”), please see Exhibit A – GLBA Privacy Notice.
CCPA Notice. For information on our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended) (“CCPA”), please see Exhibit B – Supplemental Notice for California Residents.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests, please contact us in our Help
Center within the mobile app or website or directly at
contact-us@mercari.com. Please reference “Privacy Policy” in the subject line of your
inquiry. You may also contact us at
Mercari, Inc
Attention: Privacy
PO Box 60178
Palo Alto, CA 94306
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Last updated
Updated December 20, 2022
Updated June 29, 2020
Need more help?
Contact Us
Exhibit A – GLBA Privacy Notice
This GLBA Privacy Notice supplements our Privacy Policy and only applies to our processing of
“Non-public Information” that is subject to the GLBA. All “personal information” referred to in this
GLBA Privacy Notice is “Non-public Information” under the GLBA.
FACTS
WHAT DOES
MERCARI, INC.
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend
on the product or service you have with us. This information
can include:
Social Security number and name and gender and address
information
Credit card account
and
checking account information
Transaction history
When you are no longer our
customer, we continue to share your information as described
in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share
customers'
personal information to run their everyday business. In the
section below, we list the reasons financial companies can
share their
customers'
personal information; the reasons
Mercari, Inc.
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Mercari share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations,
or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies—
NO
We Don't Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
NO
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you—
NO
We Don't Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you—
NO
We Don't Share
Questions?
Call
800-280-4904 or
go to
https://www.mercari.com/
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Mercari, Inc.
What we do
How does
Mercari
protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does
Mercari
collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
1.
open an account
or
provide account information
2. give us your contact info
or
tell us where to send money
3. use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such
as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
1. sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
2. affiliates from using your information to market to you
3. sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional
rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be
financial and nonfinancial companies.
Mercari may share your personal information with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can
be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Mercari does not share your personal information with
nonaffiliates so that they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies
that together market financial products or services to you.
Mercari does not jointly market.
Other Important Information
We may transfer personal information to other countries, for
example, for customer service or for data processing.
Exhibit B – Supplemental Notice for California Residents
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents supplements our Privacy Policy and only
applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California
residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Mercari has collected
about them, whether Mercari disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to
a service provider), whether Mercari “sold” that personal information, and whether Mercari
“shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding
twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by Mercari
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties Personal Information To Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or shared
Identifiers
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
Third parties we work with to provide you with cross-context behavioral advertising
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
N/A
Commercial information
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
Third parties we work with to provide you with cross-context behavioral advertising
Internet or other electronic network activity
Service Providers
Third parties we work with to provide you with cross-context behavioral advertising
Geolocation data
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
N/A
Sensory data
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Service Providers
Third parties we work with to provide you with cross-context behavioral advertising
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number
Service Providers
N/A
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Service Providers
N/A
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless Mercari is the intended recipient of the communication
Service Providers
Other Mercari users you
transact or interact with
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing personal information are set forth in our Privacy Policy. We will retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in our Privacy Policy.
We “sell” and “share” your personal information to provide you with cross-context behavioral advertising about Mercari’s services and products featured on Mercari’s services.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
Opting Out of “Sales” of Personal Information and/or “Sharing” for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising under the CCPA. California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of personal information and the “sharing” of personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California residents may exercise these rights by contacting Mercari using the information found in the “Contact Us” section of the Mercari Privacy Policy.
Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. Mercari does not have actual knowledge of any permitted “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Mercari does not have actual knowledge of any permitted “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.”
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information. Mercari only uses and discloses sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Mercari and to
prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned,
manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Mercari, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by Mercari.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment
by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent and contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy for additional instructions.
Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request. These steps may involve asking you to login to your account, provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, or to answer questions regarding your account and use of our Services.
How To Exercise Your Rights Under the CCPA. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA (including those listed in “Your Rights” above), please follow the instructions listed in the Privacy Policy or this Supplemental Notice for California Residents. You may also contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
SHOPCategoriesBrandsDealsShop LocalKeywordsALL FROM HOMEMercari LocalBuy Now, Pay LaterShippingPacking GuidelinesAuthenticateInstant PaySell from HomeSUPPORTContact UsHelp CenterMarketplace GuidelinesSafety GuidelinesSeller ProtectionBuyer ProtectionRequests From Law EnforcementPOLICY CENTERTerms of ServicePrivacyProhibited ItemsProhibited ConductElectronic CommunicationsMercari SMS Policy DMCA/CopyrightSales Tax1099-K Reporting and Disclosure InformationRefunds and ReturnsMinorsCOMPANYAbout usBlogCareersNMLS ID: 1486447 PO Box 60178, Palo Alto, CA 94306Copyright © 2023 Mercari, Inc.Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceLicenses / DisclosuresService Status