Free shipping with $49 purchase. details
Fast & free store pickup! details
Join Kohl’s Rewards® & start earning rewards today. details
Search by Keyword or Web ID
Sign-in
0
item(s),
$0.00
check out
Shop by Category
My Store: Select Store
Kohl's Card
Kohl’s Coupons
Order Status
Order Status
Help
We're sorry, JavaScript is required to shop Kohls.com.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser; it's quick and easy!
Get instructions now.
Privacy Policy
SCOPE NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVE CHILDREN'S PRIVACY SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION STORAGE OF INFORMATION LINKS HOW TO CONTACT US CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
KOHL'S PRIVACY POLICY - YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS Last Updated: January 1, 2023
SCOPE
Kohl’s Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes how Kohl’s, Inc., its affiliates and its third-party service providers treat customer personal information on the websites and apps where this Privacy Policy is located. In this Privacy Policy we call websites, emails and apps “Platforms.” And when we say “Kohl’s” or “we”, we mean us, our affiliates, and relevant third-party service providers. This Privacy Policy also applies to how we treat personal information collected in Kohl’s retail stores (“Stores”), Kohl’s operated retail outlet locations and other locations and events operated by Kohl’s or its affiliates. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided directly to our banking partner, which offers the Kohl’s Card credit card.
To view the separate Kohl's Card credit card Privacy Policy that describes how our banking partner uses your information in connection with the Kohl's Card credit card, please click here. By using the Platforms and shopping in our Stores, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Back to Top
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Notice of Collection of Personal Information: We list the categories of personal information that we collect below under “Types of Personal Information We Collect.” We collect personal information about you for business and commercial purposes as described below under “How We Collect Your Personal Information.” For more information, including on how to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please see “Your Privacy Rights” below.
If you are a current or former Kohl’s associate, job applicant, consultant, or contractor and are a resident of California, please click here for Kohl’s Privacy Policy for California Associates, Job Applicants, Consultants, and Contractors, which describes how Kohl’s uses, collects, and disclosures your personal information when you apply for a job or accept employment or a contract with Kohl’s.
Back to Top
TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When information identifies or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household, we refer to it as “personal information.” Kohl's collects personal information from you and about you. This may include:
Personal Information Categories Specific Personal Information
Identifiers
We may collect your name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, mailing address, email address, postal address, zip code, IP address, driver's license number, and telephone number, including your mobile phone number, or other similar identifiers.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law
We may collect your age, sex, gender, race, and marital status.
Commercial information
We may collect your credit card number and billing address. We may also collect information about the products or services purchased, obtained, considered or returned, as well as other purchasing or consuming histories, behaviors or tendencies.
Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. We may also collect your social media profile information.
Event Information. For example, we may collect the date and location of an event you are registered for.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
We may collect information, including through the use of third-party software, related to your browsing history, search history and other information regarding your interactions with our Platforms or advertisements, including, without limitation, actions you perform (e.g. clicks, mouse movements, keystrokes, entering and submitting information) on the Site.
Information You Post or Submit. For example, we may collect information when you contact us through the “Live Chat” feature on our site. We may also collect information submitted in connection with creating an account, completing an application, placing an order or making a purchase, including bank account numbers or other financial information. We may collect information you post in a public space on our site. This may include our Ratings & Reviews feature.
Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Platforms. It may also include your device identification number, browser, or mobile operating system.
Usage Information. We may look at how you interact with the Platforms. If you use our app, we may look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
Geolocation data
We may collect precise location information from your device. This may include your in-store location. For more information about your choices related to location information, see the Choices section below.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
If you visit our stores, we may capture audio, electronic, visual, thermal or similar information with our surveillance equipment.
Inferences drawn from the above
We collect profile inferences that we draw from your information and web activity to create a personalized profile so we can better identify goods and services that may be of interest.
Sensitive personal information
Geolocation data. We may collect precise location information from your device. This may include your in-store location. For more information about your choices related to location information, see the Choices section below.
Driver's license. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may collect your driver's license information. For example, we may collect this information if you return an item without a receipt.
Back to Top
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Kohl's collects personal information in different ways and from different sources.
Directly From You. For example, when you:
Make a purchase in our Stores (including in our partner-branded stores inside Kohl’s Stores, such as Sephora at Kohl’s) or on our Platform. Make a return or exchange. Purchase an electronic gift card. Create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account.
Track an order online.
Sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts).
Sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club. Provide your contact information to our beauty associates. Participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys or focus groups. Create or update a gift registry. Use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features. Submit a request to our Customer Service team. Sign up for, and/or maintain, a Kohl's Card credit card. Connect your social media account to the Platforms. Interact with Kohl's social media pages.
Passively. For example, when you:
Install and use Kohl's mobile apps.
Visit and navigate Kohl's Platforms on any device. Enable location-based features on our Platforms. Click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements.
Use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores.
Visit Stores; Kohl's uses cameras in and around its Stores for security, operational and other business purposes such as understanding customer behavior and patterns. Receive or interact with Kohl's communications and Platforms that may contain cookies or pixels.
From Third Parties. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:
Our business partners, including online advertising networks and companies that co-sponsor our promotions.
Social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram. Trusted third party sources, such as our service providers, data analytics companies, and tracking technologies to better provide and customize the Platforms for you. Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including data brokers.
By Combining Information. For example, we may:
Combine information that we collect in our stores with information we collect through our Platforms.
Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Platforms. Combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you.
Back to Top
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Examples of how we may use your personal information that we collect include: Business Purposes:
To Provide Our Products and Services. This could include fulfilling your requests for products or services. It could also include processing purchases or return transactions.
To Improve Our Products and Services. We may use your information to make our Platforms and stores better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us. To Understand Your Interests. For example, we may use your information to better understand what products interest you based on information we collect about you and your household. To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your customer feedback.
To Communicate With You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our Platform Terms & Conditions, including material changes to this Privacy Policy, Platform Terms & Conditions or programs in which you may be enrolled. For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and our customers, including providing notifications to customers of any security incidents related to personal information. It may also include protecting our Platforms.
Commercial Purposes:
For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about new products and special offers. We may use your information to serve you ads about products and offers on our Platforms or on third-party websites and networks. We may tell you about new features or updates. These might be third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
To Send Push Notifications. If you use our mobile apps, we may send you push notifications about new products or special offers.
Additional Purposes:
Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information. We may also use aggregate or anonymous (de-identified) information and share such information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses. Such information does not contain personal information. As Otherwise Permitted By Law or As We May Notify You. We may also use information you provide to us for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Back to Top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Information Shared By You Your activity in connection with the Platforms, such as your posts on our Ratings & Reviews feature or content you choose to share on your event registry, may be visible to other users of the Platforms and in some cases, publicly available. Please exercise caution when disclosing information in public areas. If you provide any information to a third party while using our Platforms, the third party's privacy policy will apply to that information. Information Shared By Us We may share your information in the following ways:
Internally. We may share your information within the Kohl's family of companies. This includes our affiliates. With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf. With Our Business Partners. For example, this may include third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, including Kohl's Card credit card. It may also include sharing limited data with partners that have a branded store inside our Stores (such as Sephora at Kohl’s) to facilitate your purchase and participation in a loyalty program you may have with such partner. It may also include a third party that co-sponsors a contest or promotion. With Third Parties for Marketing Purposes. This may include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising, which serves you advertisements based on your interests and activities on the internet. With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business. For example, if Kohl's merges with, acquires or is acquired by another business entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control. To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests such information. We may share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. This could include, but is not limited to, fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. We may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner's list. For Other Reasons We May Describe to You. We may also share your information for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Back to Top
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS Explanation of Applicable Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, you may take advantage of the following privacy rights:
Right to Know: You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to Delete: You have the right to delete personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, for our internal purposes, or to comply with a legal obligation. Right to Correct: You have the right to correct inaccurate personal information that we may maintain about you, subject to appropriate verification. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information: You have the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information, as such terms are defined in California's privacy law, to third parties and to affiliated companies that do not share the same brand name. This means that, if you opt out, going forward, we will not sell or share your personal information with such third parties to use for their purposes, including cross-context behavioral advertising, unless you later direct us to do so.
If you are a resident of Virginia, you may take advantage of certain privacy rights, such as to request access, correction, or deletion of your personal information. Because we may “sell” personal information or engage in “targeted advertising” as these terms are defined in Virginia's privacy law, you may also exercise your right to opt-out of such sales or targeted advertising. You have the right to appeal a denial of your privacy rights. How to Submit a Request
To take advantage of your right to know, delete, or correct under the laws of California or Virginia, or to submit an appeal of a denial of your privacy rights under Virginia law, please click here or visit the How to Contact Us section below for additional information on how to contact us. You may alternatively submit your request by calling the toll free number at 855-219-9265. We may request certain information to verify your identity before we can respond to your access, correction, and deletion requests. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know.
To take advantage of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information or to opt out of targeted advertising, please click here, which also is on our website footer, or visit the How to Contact Us section below for additional information on how to contact us. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
Agent Requests
You may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you've authorized them to act on your behalf or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. Kohl’s retains the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent's identity. An authorized agent is prohibited from using a consumer's personal information, or any information collected from or about the consumer, for any purpose other than to fulfill the consumer's requests, for verification, or for fraud prevention.
Data Protection Disclosures Categories of Personal Information Disclosed As relevant to the requests noted above, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose to support the purposes for which Kohl’s uses personal information described above under “How We Use Your Personal Information” (such as with our service providers who are restricted from using your personal information outside the scope of their services for us):
Identifiers, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, email/SMS service providers, and customer service and intelligence platforms; Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, email/SMS service providers, and customer service and intelligence platforms; Commercial and Payment Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, and campaign optimization service providers, and to another business at your direction (such as to facilitate your purchase and participation in a loyalty program at a branded store within our Stores, such as Sephora at Kohl’s);
Event Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as email/SMS service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, and campaign optimization service providers;
Internet or other Network Activity Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers;
Device Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; Usage Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, email/SMS service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers;
Geolocation Information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as email/SMS service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, disclosed to our Service Providers such as CCTV providers; Inferences from the above, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, email/SMS service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; Sensitive personal information, disclosed to our Service Providers, such as billing service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, and cloud data storage providers.
Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared: As relevant to opt out rights, in the last 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information for Marketing Purposes as described above in this Privacy Policy:
Identifiers, sold to our Business Partners and Third Parties, such as with data analytics providers, and social media platforms; Payment and Commercial Information, sold to Business Partners and Third Parties, such as with data analytics providers, and social media platforms; Internet or other electronic network activity information, sold to Business Partners and Third Parties, such as with internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media platforms; Geolocation Information, sold to Business Partners and Third Parties, such as with internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media platforms; and
We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about persons under the age of 16. Additional detail on the business purposes for which we disclose personal information is provided above under “How We Share Your Information.” Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: To the extent that we use or disclose “sensitive personal information” as that term is defined in applicable California law, we limit our use or disclosure of the sensitive personal information for permitted business purposes. Information on Requests Received During Prior Calendar Year During the prior calendar year, ending December 31, 2021, Kohl’s received consumer requests from California residents pursuant to the rights described in this “Your Privacy Rights” section of this Privacy Policy. Below are metrics reflecting the number of California resident requests Kohl’s received and Kohl’s response to such requests.
Type of Request Number of Requests that Kohl's: Median Number of Days for Kohl's to Complete its Response
Received Honored (in whole or in part) Unable to complete
Request to Know or Access Personal Information 38 11 27 (denied for lack of identity verification) 18.94
Request to Delete Personal Information 802 299 503 (denied for lack of identity verification or documentation) 6.83
Request to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information 6,417 5,201 1,216 (incomplete Authorized Agent requests) 0.80
Back to Top
NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVE Kohl’s Rewards (“Kohl’s Rewards”) is our voluntary loyalty program. By joining Kohl’s Rewards you will receive certain perks, including, but not limited to:
Kohl’s Cash® Earn up to 7.5% Kohl’s Rewards on qualifying purchases, which will be converted and issued into $5 Kohl’s Cash® increments on the first day of the following month, valid for 30 days (subject to Kohl’s Rewards Terms & Conditions). Special Birthday Gift: $5 Kohl’s Cash® awarded on the first day of your birthday month. Personalized Perks: Access to deals throughout the year, plus special offers.
Click here to learn more about Kohl’s Rewards and to enroll now. The Kohl’s Rewards Terms & Conditions can be found here. Whether or not you participate in Kohl’s Rewards, you are still eligible to earn Kohl’s Cash® during a designated earn period (terms and exclusions apply), just not to the same degree. You also do not need a Kohl’s Card credit card to join Kohl’s Rewards. You may un-enroll from Kohl’s Rewards at any time by contacting Kohl’s Rewards Customer Service at 1-844-564-5704. When you sign up for Kohl’s Rewards, we typically ask you to provide your name, contact information (such as email address and telephone number), zip code, and birthday to make or to supplement your Kohl’s profile. Kohl’s uses this information for the purposes described above under the section titled “How We Use Your Personal Information.” Because we collect personal information, this may be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under California law. The value of your personal information that we collect is reasonably related to the expenses related to the discounts and other perks that we offer to Kohl’s Rewards members. Back to Top
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Our Platforms where this Privacy Policy is located are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 16, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 16 has provided us with information, please contact us at privacy@kohls.com. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line
here to view the FTC's guide to protecting your child's privacy online. Back to Top
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control. A user id and a password are needed to access certain areas of the Kohl's Platforms. It is your responsibility to protect your username and password. Back to Top
STORAGE OF INFORMATION Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. Back to Top
LINKS Kohl's Platforms may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites. Back to Top
HOW TO CONTACT US If you wish to contact us to update your information, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 866-887-8884. If you wish to contact us to submit a privacy request under the California or Virginia privacy laws, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 855-219-9265 or click here. You may also write to us at the following address: Kohl's, Inc. P.O. Box 3043 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201
If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at privacy@kohls.com. This inbox may also be used for Nevada residents to submit a verified request to direct us to stop the sale of your covered information. Back to Top
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION You have certain choices about how we use your information. Email:
Use the unsubscribe link on any Kohl's promotional emails.
Text Messages & Mobile Coupons:
Follow the opt-out instructions provided in our text message or mobile coupon.
Mobile Application and Location Based Services:
If you have previously opted into Kohl's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application, you may opt-out by adjusting the Settings on your mobile device. You may opt-out of all location-based information collection on our mobile apps by uninstalling the Kohl's mobile application and refraining from using Kohl's Wi-Fi Services available in Stores.
Postal Mail:
To be removed from our global marketing mailing lists, send your request, including your full name and mailing address, to Kohl's, Inc.PO Box 3120Milwaukee, WI 53201
Call Customer Service at (866) 887-8884
Cookies & Similar Technologies:
To learn how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here to view our About Our Ads policy.
Back to Top
CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our Platforms. Please check our Platforms periodically for updates. Your continued use of the Platforms and shopping in our Stores following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. Back to Top
©2023 Kohl's, Inc. All rights reserved.
Back to Top
Share Feedback
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
get our app
Scan the code to downloadthe Kohl’s App today.
Learn More
Customer Service
Contact Us Order Status Exclusions Shipping
Returns Rebates Recalls Product Guides Kohl’s Cash
Shop Kohl’s
Today’s Ad Get 15% off when you
sign up for our emails Site Map Store Locator Gift Cards Kohl’s Coupons Kohl’s Blog
My Account
Sign In My Account Update Password Order Status Rewards Account Gift Card Balance & Kohl’s Cash Balance
Kohl’s Card & Rewards
Kohl's Card Kohl's Rewards Manage my Card Pay my Card Apply for a Kohl’s Card See if you prequalify See if you prequalify
About Kohl’s
Community Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability
Careers Apply for Seasonal Jobs
Associate Services Investor Relations Affiliate Program Advertise with Us
© 2023 Kohl’s, Inc. KOHL’S® and Kohl’s brand names are trademarks owned by KIN, Inc. All rights reserved.
Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Legal Notices,
Privacy Policy,
California Privacy Policy,
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information,
About Our Ads,
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act