skip to main contentskip to footerRegistryWeekly AdRedCardTarget CircleFind StoresCategoriesDealsWhat’s NewPickup & DeliverysearchSign incart
0 itemsTarget Privacy PolicyTarget/Target Privacy Policy‎traducción en españolAt Target, we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you. By interacting with Target through our stores, websites, mobile application(s), products, and services, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. Types of Information CollectedHow is Your Information Collected?You Provide it to UsAutomated Information CollectionThird-party Automated CollectionSocial Media WidgetsMobile Location InformationCamerasInformation from Other SourcesHow is Your Information Used?Our PurposesProduct and Service FulfillmentCross-ContextCross-Device Linking Interest-Based AdvertisingUser Experience Information Social MediaSocial Media AdsPrevention of Fraud and Other HarmLegal ComplianceHow is Your Information Shared?Target Subsidiaries and AffiliatesCard Issuing BankService ProvidersRegistries and Shopping ListsOther Businesses Products and ServicesLegal RequirementsElsewhere at Your DirectionSharing Non-identifiable or Aggregate Information with Third PartiesBusiness Transfers What Choices Do You Have? State-Specific Privacy InformationCalifornia ResidentsNevada ResidentsVirginia ResidentsHow do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?How is Your Personal Information Protected?How do you contact Target?Target Privacy Policy ScopeTypes of information Collected:NameMailing addressEmail addressPhone (or mobile) numberDriver’s license numberCredit/debit card numberPurchase/return/exchange informationRegistry or list informationYour mobile device information (e.g., device model, operating system version, device date and time, unique device identifiers, mobile network information)How you use our sites and mobile application(s), search terms, pages you visit on Target.com and our mobile application(s) and application performance Geo-location and in-store location
Media Information (e.g., Advertising engagement in social, digital, and broadcast media) IP Address
Special status designations (e.g., Teacher, College Student, Military) Language PreferencesDemographics (e.g., age, sex, race)Date of BirthPhysical Characteristics (e.g., in connection with makeup/skincare)Images (e.g., when you add a profile picture or upload photos/videos)If you choose not to provide information, we may not be able to provide you with requested products, services or information.How Is Your Information Collected?You Provide It to UsWe collect information that you enter on our digital properties or give to us in other ways (e.g., when you contact Guest Relations, order on Target.com, purchase a product in a Target store or create a gift registry).Automated Information CollectionWe may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target Guest. If we are able to identify you as a Target Guest we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store or on one of our mobile application(s). This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us – online, in store, mobile, etc.In order to provide the best Guest experience possible and run our business operations, we also use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores, and on our mobile application(s), the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.Third-party Automated CollectionWe and our service providers use anonymous identifiers such as cookies and other technologies to collect and store certain types of information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) whenever you interact with us or third-parties that use our services.We also allow third-party companies (e.g., Google) to place tags on our digital properties once approved through our tagging process. The tags may collect information from your interactions on Target.com.
Our Privacy Policy does not cover these third-party companies.
Please contact these third-party companies (e.g., Google) directly for more information about their privacy policy and your choices regarding the tags and the information collected by the tags.
Social Media WidgetsOur sites and mobile application(s) include social media features, such as the Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter widgets. These features may collect information about you such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site. They may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third-party. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.Mobile Location InformationIf you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when you enable location services) with our websites, mobile application(s), services or our service providers. For example, precise geo-location can be used to help you find nearby Target stores; or, in-store location through the use of your phone’s blue tooth signal, LED light chip technologies or other technologies will permit Target to find nearby products for you, get you real-time deals, auto-sort your shopping list and more.To manage how you share your device’s location settings, go to the
Choices
section of this privacy policy.CamerasWe use cameras in and around our stores for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels. Cameras may also be used for fraud detection, theft prevention and security. When enabled, we may also use your device’s camera (e.g., Apple’s TrueDepth camera) so you can use services such as product visualization (e.g., see item in your space) or virtual try on services (e.g., try on accessories/beauty products).
Information collected from your device’s camera for these services is used in real time - we do not store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. The virtual try on experience operates solely within your own device or browser and the data is deleted after the experience ends.Information From Other SourcesWe collect information about you from other sources to enhance our existing Guest information and improve the accuracy of our records. This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing.How Is Your Information Used?Information we collect is used for a variety of purposes, including activities such as: processing transactions, helping our Guest Relations representatives resolve issues, identifying fraud and improving our services. In addition, information we collect improves your experience by delivering more personalized interactions and advertising in digital (e.g., Target.com, mobile app, other online sites) and social media (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest), as well as TV and Video platforms.We also use information we collect for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores and on our mobile application(s), the performance of our marketing efforts and your response to those marketing efforts.Our Purposes (including but not limited to marketing)Deliver coupons, mobile offers newsletters, in-store receipt messages, emails, mobile messages, targeted advertising and social media notifications Provide interactive features of the website or mobile application(s), such as product reviews or Weekly Ad, send marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotionsAdminister promotions, surveys, and focus groupsCross-context and cross-device linking Interest-based advertising Improve Guest experiences Conduct research and analysisPersonalize content, including using your imagePerform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policyProduct and Service FulfillmentFulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and returns/exchangesRespond to requests for information about our products and services in our stores, on our websites or mobile application(s) or to otherwise serve youConnect with you regarding Guest service via our contact center, Guest service desk, or on social media or internet chat platforms. Chat functionality allows our Guest Relations specialists to see what a Guest is typing before hitting the send button. This allows for quicker response time as our specialists anticipate questions. Provide services such as gift registry or a shopping listAward and fulfill benefits associated with use of our servicesAdminister sweepstakes and contestsConduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (for example, pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases) Allow you to, using our mobile application(s): find a store nearest to your location, show you a map of the store (if available), use our drive up capabilities (where available), add and redeem offers, search for products and check availability, check prices, provide product ratings and reviews, track your orders, scan a UPC barcode or QR code, use voice recognition to add to your list, update information, etcCross-ContextWe merge data collected from our own websites and mobile application(s). Examples of the data collected include: cookie IDs, device advertising IDs, transaction and browsing history, your interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through Roundel, Target’s in-house media company; information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions with the ads, and the URLs where the ads are served by marketing partners such as Google.For mobile platforms that require opt-in consent to link or track user or device data, unless you consent, Target does not link or track user or device data collected from Target application(s) with user or device data collected from other companies’ applications, websites or offline properties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes. If a guest provides opt-in consent to the linking and use of data with a specifically identified third party partner, such data may be linked and may be used by Target and/or the third party partner as described at the time consent is obtained, including for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes. Cross-Device LinkingWe may also link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in a relevant experience on another device.
This allows us to deliver more personalized and consistent advertising to you. For example, if you purchase a product on our website using your desktop, we are able to avoid showing you an advertisement on the same product on your mobile phone; if you add an item to your cart on Target.com through your mobile device, but leave Target.com without purchasing the item, we are able to show you that item in your cart on another device.Interest-Based AdvertisingWe participate in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as online behavioral advertising (OBA). We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our websites or use our mobile application(s). This information is used to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites.
These companies use non-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information. Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for IBA.User Experience InformationIn order to improve Guest online and mobile shopping experiences, help with fraud identification, and assist our Guest Relations representatives in resolving issues Guests may experience in completing online purchases, we use tools to monitor certain user experience information; including login information, IP address, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked, specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g., information entered during checkout process), browser and device information. Social MediaWe engage with Guests on multiple social media platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest). If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request Guest service via social media, or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform you use.Social Media AdsWe may display targeted ads to you through social media platforms.  These ads are sent to groups of people who share traits such as likely commercial interests and demographics.  For example, we may target people who have expressed an interest in shopping for groceries, cosmetics, clothing, etc.  See the policies of each social media platform for additional information about these types of ads.Prevention of Fraud and Other HarmPrevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our Guests and our business (e.g., product recalls)Legal ComplianceFor example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiriesHow Is Your Information Shared?We may share the types and categories of personal information collected with the categories of third parties below.Target Subsidiaries and AffiliatesWe share the information we collect within Target Corporation, which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates. Target Corporation may use the information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. Target Corporation owns and operates Target stores, websites, mobile application(s), and issues the Target Debit Card. Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include, but are not limited to Shipt, Inc.Card Issuing BankWe may share the information we collect with our banking partner, TD Bank USA N.A., which issues the Target MasterCard and Target Credit Card.Service ProvidersWe may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us (such as printers, email providers, mobile marketing services, analytics providers, web hosting providers, call center/chat providers, sweepstakes vendors, payment processors, coupon delivery vendors, data enhancement services, fraud prevention providers or shipping services providers, including product vendors) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. We limit information shared with service providers to what is necessary to fulfill the services.Registries and Shopping ListsIf you create a gift registry or shopping list, your information will be accessible on our website, mobile or social application(s), on partner registries, and on kiosks in stores. If you purchase an item from a registry or shopping list, information such as your billing name and address will be made available to the list creator. Other Businesses Products and ServicesWe allow other businesses to make their products or services available to our Guests (e.g. Target Plus Partners).
You may purchase products or services from these other businesses through our website or mobile application.
When you purchase such products or services, we will share personal information related to your purchase with those businesses.
Information received by those businesses in connection with a Target Plus purchase will be subject to the Target Plus Partner’s privacy policy. Legal RequirementsWe may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; to facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or disposal of all or part of our business or assets; or to protect the rights property or safety of our company, our Guests or others.Elsewhere at Your DirectionAt your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your information.Sharing Non-identifiable or Aggregate Information with Third PartiesWe may share non-identifiable or aggregate information with third parties for lawful purposes.Business TransfersIn connection with the sale or transfer of some or all of our business assets, we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our Guests. We also may retain a copy of that Guest information.What Choices Do You Have?Postal MailIf you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional postal mail, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out.TelephoneIf you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out.EmailIf you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out. You also have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional emails via the unsubscribe link included in each promotional email. In some cases we may provide an unsubscribe link within an operational email (e.g., Guest surveys). Text MessagesWe may send text messages you have consented to receive. You can cancel text messages at any time by texting "STOP". After you send "STOP", we may send you an additional text message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. You will no longer receive text messages from that short code, but you may receive text messages if you are subscribed to other text lists. If at any time you have questions about the text messages, text "HELP". After you send "HELP" we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe. Message and data rates may apply.Push NotificationsYou may opt-out from allowing Target to send you push notifications by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. You may also choose which types of push notifications to receive by adjusting the permissions within your Target mobile application. This opt choice does not apply to in-app notifications.Geo-Location and In-Store LocationYou may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the relevant app.Target CircleIf you no longer wish to be a Target Circle member, you can opt out of Target Circle here. If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits.
If you later re-join Target Circle, any deleted Target Circle Earnings rewards or Community Giving Program votes will not be reinstated.Uninstall a Target Mobile ApplicationYou can stop all further collection of information by a Target mobile application by uninstalling the Target mobile application. You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Note: If you uninstall the mobile application from your device, the Target unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same device, Target will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.Cookies, Tracking, and Interest-Based AdvertisingThe help function of your browser should contain instructions on how to set your device to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued or to not receive cookies at any time. If you set your device to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our features. To opt-out of the vendors we use for cross-device linking, go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page at www.aboutads.info/choices and perform a global opt-out on each browser and device that you would like to be opted out on. Opting out in this manner means that the browser on the device from which you opt-out will no longer receive information collected on devices linked to it, that devices linked to it will not receive information collected from the opted-out device, and that the vendor will not transfer information collected from the opted-out device to a third-party. Please note that this will not opt you out of cross-device linking or advertising across linked devices based solely on your visits to Target websites or application(s), or your interaction with advertisements for Target delivered by Target.To opt-out of our interest-based advertising for Target’s goods and services or those of another party, online and in third-party mobile applications, visit Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page here and perform a global opt-out. Options you select are browser and device specific.
To learn more about interest-Based Advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website. The opt-out tool described above is cookie-based.
Therefore, the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again. Do Not TrackSome browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals. However, Target treats Global Privacy Control signals as opt-out of sale and opt out of targeted/cross-context behavioral advertising requests under applicable state laws (e.g., California Consumer Privacy Act). Other Web Site Analytics ServicesAnalytics services such as Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics and Crazy Egg provide services that analyze information regarding visits to our websites and mobile application(s). They use cookies, web beacons, recorded interactions and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information.
To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt-out of cookies set to facilitate reporting, click here.To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, click here. To access and use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, click here.To learn more about Crazy Egg’s privacy practices, click here. To opt-out of Crazy Egg, click here..State-Specific Privacy InformationCalifornia ResidentsCalifornia Consumer Privacy ActIf you are a Target Guest who is a California resident, then the information below also applies to you. The information reflects Target’s current practices and practices during the past 12 months.
Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Note that this CCPA section only applies to Target Guests.
The privacy notices for personal information collected in California in an employment or commercial context can be found on https://corporate.target.com/about/contact-help#privacy.Categories of Personal Information Target Collects from or About Its Guests Identifiers (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number) Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g., age, sex, race) Commercial information (e.g., products or services purchased, purchase history) Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g., browse or search history) Geolocation data (e.g., latitude or longitude) Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g., recording of Guest service calls) Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g., preferences or characteristics) Categories of Sources from Which Target Collects Personal Information About Guests (for more information, see the how is your information collected section of this privacy policy).Consumer Directly Advertising NetworksData analytics providersGovernment EntitiesSocial networksTarget subsidiariesOperating systems and platforms Data brokers Business or Commercial Purposes for Which Target Collects, Shares (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising), or Sells Personal Information About Guests (also see the how is your information used section of this privacy policy).Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage or providing similar services; Providing advertising and marketing services; Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance; Short-term, transient use, such as non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us; Helping to ensure security and integrity; Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. We do not collect or process Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by California law) for the purpose of inferring characteristics about individuals. To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.Retention of Personal InformationWe will retain your personal information in accordance with Target’s record retention requirements and policies which reflect business and legal considerations.
Target will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy (including the California Residents section) or any other notice provided at the time of collection.
Your personal information may be retained longer if required or permitted by applicable law. Categories of Personal Information About Guests that Target Sells or Shares (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising) and Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information Is Sold or Shared (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising)Category of Personal Information 	Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g., “cookies” or other tracking tags)Identifiers (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)Commercial Information (e.g., products or services purchased, purchase history)Category of Third Party Advertising NetworksMerchant PartnersTarget Does Not have Actual Knowledge that it Sells or Shares (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising) the Personal Information of Minors Under the Age of 16.Categories of Personal Information Target Discloses for a Business Purpose and Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information Is Disclosed for a Business Purpose Category of Personal InformationIdentifiers (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Commercial Information (e.g., products or services purchased, purchase history)Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history) Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g., age, sex, race) Geolocation data (e.g., latitude or longitude) Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g., recording of Guest service calls) Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g., preferences or characteristics) Category of Third PartyAdvertising Networks
Internet Service Providers Data Analytics Providers Operating Systems and Platforms Legal, Risk, and Security
Advertising Networks
Data Analytics Providers Legal, Risk and Security
Legal, Risk and Security At your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your information with third parties (e.g., if a guest provides explicit, opt-in consent to the linking and use of data with a specifically identified third party partner, such data may be linked and may be used by Target and/or the third party partner as described at the time consent is obtained, including for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes).Non-DiscriminationTarget will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights.
For example, Target will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell request. Financial Incentive Program Target Circle is a voluntary loyalty program.
By joining Target Circle, you receive: 1% Earnings: You earn 1%* when you shop to redeem at Target later or continue saving 5%** with your RedCard. You cannot receive the RedCard 5% instant savings and earn the Target Circle 1% in the same transaction.Hundreds of Deals: You get access to deals, plus offers just for you. Birthday Gift: You receive 5% off a shopping trip. Restrictions apply. Community Support: You help direct where Target gives in your community. *Terms and restrictions apply to the 1% reward. Visit circle.target.com for details. **Some restrictions apply. Program rules are available in store or at Target.com/RedCard. Target Circle members may have opportunities to redeem offers for products or services at select partners. Although the partner’s offer is made available to you through Target Circle, Target is not responsible for the terms or fulfillment of the offer, and Target is not responsible for the partner’s products or services.
You may have the option to link your Target Circle account to an account you have at a select partner. When you link your Target Circle account to your account at the partner, Target and the partner will share and use information as described at the time you link your accounts. Your Target Circle account and your account at the partner will no longer be linked and you will no longer receive the benefits of linked accounts if 1) your Target Circle account is closed, deleted or suspended; 2) you opt out of the Target Circle program; or 3) your Target Circle account and your account at the partner are unlinked by you, by Target or by the partner.
Target may provide information to the partner about applicable items you return to Target after your Target Circle account is unlinked from your account at the partner. Target is not responsible for the partner’s products or services.
Contact the applicable partner for the partner’s terms and conditions, including the partner’s terms related to linking your Target Circle account to your account at the partner.Under the CCPA, Target Circle is considered a Financial Incentive Program. In order to provide you with the incentives described above, we use personal information about you including your name, phone number, email address, purchase history, birthdate, etc. to identify you as a member of the program and provide you with relevant messaging, experiences and deals. These financial incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide. We incur a variety of expenses related to the Target Circle program. We make this investment in order to offer a more personalized and relevant Guest experience. Expenses associated with the program include the 1% earnings when you shop at Target, the 5% off discount on a shopping trip when you provide your birthday, and access to deals only available to Circle members. The expenses associated with the program incentives will vary as it is dependent on your engagement with the loyalty program, including your total annual spend at Target and frequency and depth of discounts you choose to use. Categories of Personal Information implicated by Target CircleIdentifiers (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g., age, sex, race)Commercial information (e.g., products or services purchased, purchase history)Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g., browse or search history)Geolocation data (e.g., latitude or longitude)Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g., preferences or characteristics)To become a Target Circle member, you can choose to opt in and become a Target Circle member by asking a Team Member at a Target store, or by visiting Target.com/CircleIf you no longer wish to be a Target Circle member, you can opt out of Target Circle here. You have the right to opt out of Target Circle at any time. If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits.
If you later re-join Target Circle, any deleted Target Circle Earnings rewards or Community Giving Program votes will not be reinstated. For Information on the Target Circle Terms & Conditions, Click Here.If you are a California Resident, You Have the Following Rights Under the CCPARight to request Target disclose Personal Information, or categories of Personal Information, it collects, uses, discloses, and sells or shares for cross-context behavioral advertisingRight to request Target correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about youRight to request Target delete Personal Information we have collected from youRight to request Target opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information or sharing of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Note: Target will also treat Global Privacy Control browser signals as opt-out of sale/sharing requests.Process Used to Verify an Access, Correction, and/or Deletion RequestIf you are a Target Guest, you will be required to submit information about yourself that Target will use to determine if we have information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, then we will fulfill your access, correction and/or deletion request. If we are not able to verify your information, then we may provide you with a report that includes the categories of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell or share. If you have a Target.com account, your Access report will be placed in your account once it is ready.
You will need to sign into your account to view your report. If you do not have a Target.com account, you will receive two emails when your Access report is ready.
These emails will be sent to the email address you provided at the time you submitted your request.
One email will contain a link to your report and a second email will contain a password needed to access the report.
If you are an authorized agent, then you will be required to submit your contact information as well as information about the Guest for whom you are making a request.
As an authorized agent you will receive an email confirming that we have received the request along with a second email asking you to fill out a certification form confirming your information and certifying you have the right to make a request on behalf of the Guest. Once the report is ready, it will be sent to the email or physical address you have given us, depending on the delivery method you choose. How to Submit a Verifiable Request (requests can be made no more than twice in a 12-month period)You can submit a request using the methods listed belowAccess Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link.
Correction Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or Privacy.Request@target.com.Deletion Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link. Do Not Sell or Share (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising) My Personal Information Requests: Click this link. Note: Target will also treat Global Privacy Control browser signals as opt-out of sale/sharing requests.MetricsBelow are metrics regarding Access, Delete and Do Not Sell My Personal Information requests submitted pursuant to the CCPA that Target received, fulfilled (in whole or in part), and denied between January 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021.
These requests include all individuals, not just Californians.
Note, some Guests chose to withdraw their request before it was fulfilled.
These Guests are captured in the number of requests received category, but do not appear in the number of requests fulfilled/denied categories.
Access RequestsNumber of Requests Received: 240Number of Requests Fulfilled: 105Number of Requests Denied: 120Median Number of Days to Fulfill Requests: 14.78
Delete RequestsNumber of Requests Received: 555Number of Requests Fulfilled: 158Number of Requests Denied: 387Median Number of Days to Fulfill Requests: 39.5
Do Not Sell RequestsNumber of Requests Received: 61,270Number of Requests Fulfilled: 51,089Number of Requests Denied: 10,181Median Number of Days to Fulfill Requests: <1 day California Shine the LightIf you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to Target Corporation, Attn: California Shine the Light Inquiry, P.O. Box 9350 Minneapolis, MN 55440. Please allow 30 days for a response.
California MinorsIf you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services. Note that fulfilment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880.Nevada ResidentsIf you are a Nevada consumer, you have the right to request that a company not sell your personal information for monetary consideration to certain other parties.  This right applies even if your personal information is not currently being sold.  If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to exercise this right, please submit your request by filling out the form after clicking on this link.
Virginia ResidentsIf you are a Virginia resident, you have certain rights related to your personal information.
If you wish to exercise these rights, you can submit a request using the methods listed below: Access Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link.
Correction Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or email us privacy.request@target.comDeletion Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests: click this linkYou may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by emailing us at
Privacy.Request@target.com.How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can access or update some of it in the following ways:If you have created a Target.com account, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact, billing, and shipping information.Call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access. We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available, or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect.How is Your Personal Information Protected?We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information online, we ask that a parent or guardian call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880.How Do You Contact Target?Mail:Target StoresTarget Executive OfficesPO Box 9350Minneapolis, MN 55440Privacy Information Line:1-800-831-6880Target Privacy Policy ScopeThis privacy policy applies to all current or former Guest personal information, except for information collected by or provided in connection with:A Target Debit Card. See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy.A Target MasterCard or a Target Credit Card. See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy. Note, contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A. and to Target and its affiliates.Use of Target’s Wireless Service.
See the Target Wireless Terms of Use.Completing an application for employment with Target.Our website may offer links to other sites. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.Last update: 12/31/2022State-Specific Privacy Information Section AddedCalifornia Resident information updatedVirginia Resident information addedCVS Pharmacy PrivacyMinuteClinic PrivacyTerms & ConditionsWireless (Wi-Fi) ServiceREDcard™ Identity Protection GuideGet top deals, latest trends, and more.Email addressSign upPrivacy policyFooter