Get paid to shopCitiesStoresServicesLog inLog inSign upGiftGet paid to shopCitiesStoresServicesBlogAbout usHelp
Shipt Privacy Notice
This privacy notice was last updated on
January 1, 2023.
Scope
Shipt, Inc. (“Shipt”) is committed to protecting your Personal
Information and processing it responsibly. This Privacy Notice
(“Notice”) describes our general practices relating to the collection,
use and disclosure of Personal Information of any individuals that we
obtain in connection with our platforms and delivery services, including
information collected via www.shipt.com and other Shipt-related sites,
our mobile applications, communications with you, the services we
provide, and our other interactions with you (collectively, “Services”).
This Notice applies to information collected about our customers,
Members and website visitors, as well as office visitors and individuals
within our vendor and business partner organizations.
“Personal Information” means any information that relates to or may
be used to identify a particular individual or household. “Member” or
“Members” are respectively an individual or individuals who use Shipt’s
Services and have subscribed to the Shipt membership service and are
enabled to order and receive product delivery through the use of the
Shipt platform. “Retail Partners” are those organizations, businesses,
and entities that contract with Shipt to allow for individuals to order
goods from their retail business, or purchase and have goods delivered
through, the Shipt Shopper network.
By registering an account with us, accessing or using the Services,
or otherwise providing us with personal information, you signify your
acceptance of this Notice and expressly consent to the
information-handling practices described herein. If you do not agree to
this Notice, do not access or use the Services or provide us with your
information.
We may change or add to this Notice, including updating this Notice
or creating additional policies in order to accurately reflect changed
circumstances or new legal requirements, so we encourage you to review
it periodically. Your continued use of the Services after we make
changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
This Notice does not apply to third-party sites linked from our
Services or to services offered by other companies or individuals,
including products or sites that may be displayed to you. This Notice
also does not cover the information practices of other companies or
individuals who advertise our Services.
If you are a Shipt Shopper or Shopper applicant, please refer to the
Shipt Shopper and Shopper Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how
Shopper and Shopper applicant Personal Information is collected, used
and disclosed. “Shoppers” are individuals to whom Shipt provides Shipt
Technology Services (as defined in the applicable agreement between
Shipt and each Shopper) and are enabled to accept Member orders, shop
for and deliver products to Members. If you are seeking employment with
Shipt, please refer to the Shipt Job Applicant Privacy Notice for
details on how prospective employees' Personal Information is collected,
used and disclosed.
The Personal Information Shipt Collects
How Personal Information is Used
How and to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed
How Personal Information is Protected
Retention of Personal Information
Your Choices
Third Party Links
Do Not Track Disclosure
Children
Information for Nevada Residents
Information for California Residents
Information for Virginia Residents
How to Contact Shipt
Personal Information Shipt Collects
Directly From You
When you browse our
websites, create an account, use the Services, or communicate and
otherwise interact with Shipt, our Retail Partners, and Shipt Shoppers, Shipt may collect the following categories of Personal Information about you:
Contact Information – First name, last name,
name and address of your organization, mailing address (business or
personal), email address (business or personal), phone number (business
or personal).
Transaction-Related Information - Dietary
preferences (if relevant to your purchases), driver's license or other
identity document (for certain purchases, such as alcohol), date of
birth, electronic signature, photos of the drop-off location for any
delivered goods, orders placed, order ID number.
Financial Account Information – Details about
the financial accounts you designate to make payments or receive
payments via the Services, including payment card information.
User Account Information – Username, password,
account number, or other information we may request or that you may
provide relating to your account.
Device and Usage Information – Details regarding
how and when you use the Services, including the device used to connect
to the Services, your IP address and device identifier, device model,
mobile network information, browser type, operating system version,
internet service provider, the frequency and duration of your usage, the
pages you view, clickstream data, the search terms you use and pages you
visit within the Services, what websites or search terms referred you to
the Services, your behavior (including any bot-like behavior) using the
Services, and other information about your interaction with the
Services.
Geolocation Information – Device and ordering
location, precise geolocation based on your use of our mobile
application (if you choose to enable this functionality on your mobile device), website or app performance based on geography.
You may choose to use the interactive and social features that Shipt
offers, which permit you to access the Services, submit content and
communicate with Shipt. Doing so provides Shipt with information such as
name, email address and public profile information. When you post
information in these interactive and social features, the content may be
publicly accessible to other users.
Please note if you choose not to provide us with some information, we
may not be able to provide you with the requested products, services or
information.
From Other Sources
We may obtain both Personal and non-Personal Information about you
from other users of the Services, Retail Partners, business partners,
vendor partners, contractors, suppliers, and other third parties. The Personal Information we collect in this manner includes the following:
Shipt may collect Personal Information from a Shipt Member who
uses the Services to have an order delivered to you. Through the use of
the Services, Shipt may collect your name, mailing address, email
address, phone number, and date of birth, driver’s license number or
other identity document (for certain purchases such as
alcohol).
Shipt may collect Personal Information from its Retail Partners
who provide Shipt information related to shopping and
deliveries.
Shipt may collect your email address from someone who believes
you may be interested in becoming a Member. Individuals who provide
referrals are responsible for ensuring the submission of the email
address is appropriate and permissible.
We may collect demographic information from marketing partners and vendors and other third parties who supply us with information collected from you in other contexts or from your interactions with other businesses that could include information such as income, marital status, spending habits and other information. We may collect tracking links, click IDs, device IDs, IP addresses, and other online identifiers from marketing partners.
We, and the third parties we engage, may combine information we
collect from you over time, and across the Services, with information
obtained from other sources. This helps us improve the information’s
overall accuracy and completeness, and also helps us better tailor our
interactions with you.
Social Media
If you interact with us on any social media platform: (i) depending
on your social media privacy settings, the Personal Information that you
submit on the social media platform may be read, collected, or used by
us as described in this Notice, and (ii) where we respond to any
interaction with you on social media, your account name/handle may be
viewable by any and all members or users of our social media accounts.
Social media platforms operate independently from us, and we are not
responsible for the Personal Information that you choose to submit or
link to on any social media platform. We encourage you to review the
privacy notices and settings of any social media platform with which you
interact to help you understand the platform’s privacy practices.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our partners use various technologies to automatically collect
and store information when you interact with our Services, including the
use of cookies, web beacons, mobile software developments kits (“SDKs”)
or similar technologies:
Cookies: When you access our Service, Shipt will issue a cookie to your device. A cookie is a small file that a website or application transfers to a visitor’s device for recordkeeping purposes. We use cookies to personalize visitors’ experiences on the Services, provide content that we believe may be of interest, track visitor trends and patterns, engage in marketing and advertising, and otherwise analyze the Services traffic. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Services. For further information about cookies, including how to refuse cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. The categories of cookies Shipt uses include:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for our websites to function and cannot be turned off or disabled. These cookies are usually only set in response to specific actions you take on our websites. For example, these cookies may be used to remember your selections or information you have entered when you navigate to different pages when visiting the websites. Performance Cookies: Performance cookies help us learn how you use our websites to help improve their performance and design. These cookies provide us with aggregated statistical information such as number of page visits, page load speeds, how long a user spends on a particular page, and the types of browsers or devices used to access our websites. These types of cookies are deployed in connection with Analytics services we use (discussed below). Targeted Cookies: These third-party cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks to collect information about your visits to and actions on certain pages of our websites so that they can deliver ads for relevant products and services to you later, such as when you are on the sites of third parties.
Web beacons: Certain webpages maintained by Shipt, as well as emails sent by Shipt, may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that collect information about page visits and email viewing. Web beacons allow us to track pages and content accessed and viewed by users, as well as to monitor email readership. Information collected may include limited personal information, such as name, email address and universal ID. Mobile device identifiers and SDKs: Shipt collects information from its mobile application users through deployment of mobile SDKs. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a web beacon. The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed. Analytics: Our Services may also use third-party analytics tools such as
Google Analytics. Analytics are used to create reports and statistics on
the performance of our website and present you with content tailored to
your interests. Analytics can be used to collect information such as IP
address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country
information, date and time of page visits, and which pages you visit the
most.  You can find more information about how data is collected and
processed in connection with the Google
Analytics service. You can adjust your Google
Ad Settings. You can also read Google’s privacy
notice.
For more information about your options relating to your personal
information and your communication preferences, see the “Your Choices”
section below.
Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be linked
together and once linked, may identify an individual person. If we do
combine non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined
information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it
remains combined.
Aggregate or Anonymized Data
In each case above, we may aggregate or anonymize the foregoing types
of information in support of legitimate business purposes such that they
are no longer capable of identifying you. In that event, the information
is no longer considered “Personal Information” and may be used for any
purpose consistent with applicable law.
When using deidentified data, Shipt does not attempt to reidentify
the data. We may use and disclose deidentified or aggregated data to any
third party without restriction, as permitted by applicable laws. We may use and disclose non-Personal
Information for any purpose without restriction. Public Data Shipt may collect data about you that we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you. We do not consider such data to be “Personal Information” and may use such data for any purpose consistent with applicable law. How Personal Information is Used
Shipt (or service providers acting on our behalf) may use Personal
Information to:
Support the shopping and delivery process, including fulfilling
orders, processing payment, verifying eligibility to buy certain
products, communicating with Members and Shoppers and providing customer
service to users.
Authorize access to our Services.
Manage your account and personalize your experience when using
our Services.
Verify your identity to access the Services.
Provide Members with personalized Services.
Send service, support and administrative messages, reminders,
technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested
by you, with such messages being conveyed via telephone, SMS, email and
other electronic message channels.
Communicate with Retail Partners and Shoppers about Member
orders.
Resolve any issues with the Services.
Administer and communicate about referral programs and
memberships, rewards, surveys, campaigns, sweepstakes, contest or other
promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Shipt, its
parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, and/or our third-party
business partners.
Send surveys, marketing, advertising and promotional messages and
other information that may be of interest, including information about
Shipt, the Services, or general promotions for partner campaigns and
services.
Allow you to access the platform or specific features of the
platform in connection with your geolocation but if you do not want
your mobile device to provide us with location information when
you access the platform, please follow the instructions in the “Your
Choices” section below.
Understand how users interact with our Services, including which
web pages you visit on our website, which website you visited before
coming to our website, and where you go after you leave our
website.
Support Shipt’s campaigns or other marketing efforts. Information
may be combined, such as how web traffic data correlates with certain
geography.
Collect and store information from cookies and similar
technologies when you interact with services from our partners, such as
advertising and analytics.
We may use this technology to deliver or help our partners
deliver interest-based advertising (also known as behavioral
advertising) through mobile applications and browsers based on how you
browse and shop online.
If you’d like to opt out of ads tailored to you in this way,
please follow the instructions in the “Your Choices” section
below.
Maintain, improve and optimize our Services as well as developing
new services.
Comply with legal requirements, including responding to subpoenas
and search warrants.
Support error monitoring and app stability.
Protect Shipt and/or its parent companies, affiliates,
subsidiaries, retail partners, Members, Shoppers, and the general
public, including investigation of possible fraud, theft, violations of
our Terms of Service or this Notice, misuses of our Services and/or
attempts to harm Shipt and/or its parent companies, affiliates,
subsidiaries, retail partners, other Members or Shoppers, or any
individual.
Preventing and detecting fraud, financial crime, hacking
activities, security breaches, and other unlawful activities in
connection with the Services or the use of our services.
Enforcing our agreements and defending or advancing legal
claims.
Notifying you about changes to the Services or material changes
to this Notice.
Performing other functions as otherwise described to you at the
time of collection or to which you otherwise consent.
How and To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed
Parent Companies, Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Shipt may disclose Personal Information within Shipt, its parent
companies, affiliates and subsidiaries.
Service Providers
We disclose Personal Information to companies or individuals that help
us provide the Services or otherwise operate our business. For example,
we may disclose your Personal Information to our IT and system
administration providers, cloud hosting providers, customer service
software providers, and payment processors. We may also disclose your
Personal Information to our professional advisors, such as lawyers,
accountants, and other similar advisors. Service providers can only
process Personal Information as instructed by Shipt.
Retail Partners
We may disclose Personal Information related to transactions at
merchants where you shop as part of the Services, such as the
transaction-related information described above, to our Retail
Partners. Shipt may also disclose your contact information to our Retail
Partners, in connection with providing you customer service,
facilitating a dispute you raise regarding a transaction, or otherwise
assisting the Retail Partner in investigating any illegal or
unauthorized activity occurring in its stores or in connection with the
Services. Shipt may also disclose your Personal Information to our Retail
Partners as part of our agreement with the Retail Partner. Please review
the “Your Choices” section of this Notice to learn more about what
rights you may have with respect to the disclosure of your Personal
Information.
Shoppers and Other Users
We may disclose your Personal Information to Shoppers or other users
of the Services who have access to Personal Information you have posted
or disclosed in a public forum or user-accessible means via the
Services.
Third Party Advertising Partners
We may disclose Personal Information to our third-party advertising partners to permit such
third parties to deliver advertisements when you visit other websites or
mobile applications. This information is used to tailor online
advertisements to your perceived interests (based on the behavioral
information collected about you) and to provide advertising-related
services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
You may be able to stop receipt of advertising in accordance with DAA
and NAI opt out mechanisms, as further described in the “Your Choices”
section of this Notice.
Business Transition
In the event that Shipt, or any portion of our assets or business,
are acquired, sold, merged, or transferred, whether as a result of or in
the event of an acquisition, divestiture, reorganization, restructuring,
or dissolution, or as a going concern or as a part of bankruptcy,
liquidation, or similar proceeding, or otherwise, Shipt will disclose
Personal Information to the company involved to complete the business
transition, including at the negotiation stage and including where the
Personal Information is among the assets being transferred.
Law Enforcement
We may report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we
reasonably believe to be unlawful, or that we reasonably believe will
aid a law enforcement investigation into unlawful activity. In addition,
we reserve the right to release your Personal Information to law
enforcement agencies if we determine, in our sole judgment, that either
you have violated our policies, or the release of your Personal
Information will protect the rights, property or safety of Shipt, or
another person.
Legal Process
We may disclose your Personal Information to others as required or
permitted by law. This includes disclosing your Personal Information to
governmental entities or third parties in response to subpoenas, court
orders, other legal process, or as we believe is necessary to comply
with applicable laws, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against
legal claims that have been brought against us, or to defend against
possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be
brought against us.
With Your Consent
We will disclose Personal Information when we have your consent or when
you have directed us to do so.
How Personal Information is Protected
Shipt uses commercially reasonable administrative, organizational,
and physical safeguards designed to protect Personal Information from
loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. Please be
aware that no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. While
we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or
warranty the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do
so at your own risk.
Retention of Personal Information
Shipt will retain your Personal Information for as long as is
reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was disclosed
or as required to comply with legal obligations. The precise periods for
which we keep your Personal Information vary depending on the nature of
the information and why we need it. Factors we consider in determining
these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed
by law or to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information
was collected. At the end of that period, Shipt will securely delete the
Personal Information. If there is any data that we are unable, for
technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in
place appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data.
Your Choices In addition to the options described in detail below, you may submit a request to Shipt or otherwise contact Shipt about this Notice by using the information provided in the “How to Contact Shipt” section at the end of this Notice. Email Marketing
At any time, you can opt out of marketing emails by clicking on the
unsubscribe link in the footer of the marketing email. You may still
receive operational emails such as order confirmation or other
service-related emails. In some cases, we may provide an unsubscribe
link within an operational email (e.g., surveys).
Push Notifications
You can opt out of receiving push notifications from the Shipt mobile
app by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device. This opt out
does not apply to in-app notifications.
Geolocation
You may prevent your mobile device from sharing location data by
adjusting the permissions on your mobile device.
Online Ad Choices
You may find more information about entities involved in online
advertising and additional choices you may make, including opting out of
having your information used for Internet-based advertising, through the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at the NAI Service, and the Digital Advertising
Alliance (DAA) at the DAA consumer
choice service. Shipt is a participant in the online industry’s
self-regulatory program administered by the DAA and has agreed to adhere
to the DAA’s principles applicable to interest-based ads. The tools
provided at the DAA opt out
page and the NAI opt out
page are provided by third parties, not Shipt. Shipt does not
control or operate these tools, or the choices advertisers and others
provide through these tools.
Website Analytics
Analytics services such as Google Analytics provide services that
analyze information regarding visits to our websites and mobile apps.
They use cookies, web beacons and other tracking mechanisms to collect
this information. Learn
more about Google's privacy practices, or to opt out of Google
Analytics, install the Google Analytics Opt-out
Browser Ad-on.
Jurisdiction-specific Choices
Choices relating to the rights afforded consumers under the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) are described in the “Information
for California Residents” section below. Choices relating to the rights afforded to consumers under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) are described in the “Information for Virginia Residents” section below.
Declining to Provide Information
You can choose not to provide us with information we may request
through the Services, but that may result in you being unable to use
certain features of the Services, request information about our
Services, or initiate other transactions with us.
Third Party Links
Shipt’s platforms, including its website and mobile apps, may contain
links to webpages created by parties other than Shipt. We do not control
such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy
policies or other practices of such websites. Our inclusion of links
does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any
association with their operators. These websites and services may have
their own privacy notices, which the user will be subject to upon
linking to the third party’s website. Shipt strongly recommends that
users review the third party’s terms and conditions and privacy
policies.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell
websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At
this time, we do not respond to “do not track” signals.
Children
The Services are not intended for use by children. We do not
intentionally gather Personal Information online about visitors who are
under the age of 16. If a child has provided us with Personal
Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact Shipt to
have the information deleted from our records. If you believe that we
might have any information from a child under age 16, please contact us
at privacy@shipt.com. If we learn
that we have inadvertently collected the Personal Information of a child
under 16, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will
take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Information for Nevada Residents Nevada law gives Nevada consumers the right to direct a company to not sell certain of their Personal Information. This right applies even if their Personal Information is not currently being sold. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to exercise this right, please submit a "Do not sell your personal information request" by filling out this form.
Information for California Residents If you are a Shipt Shopper or Shopper applicant and a California resident, please refer to the Shipt Shopper and Shopper Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how Shopper and Shopper applicant Personal Information is collected, used and disclosed, including with respect to California consumers. If you are seeking employment with Shipt and a California resident, please refer to the Shipt Job Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how prospective employees’ Personal Information is collected, used and disclosed, including with respect to California consumers. A. California Shine the Light Law
In connection with the California “Shine the Light” law, Shipt has a
policy of not disclosing the Personal Information of certain California
residents to third parties for their direct marketing purposes if the
resident contacts us to opt out of the disclosure of Personal
Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You
may choose to exercise your right to opt out of the sharing of your
Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing
purposes, free of charge, at any time by filling out this form or submitting a request to
privacy@shipt.com.
B. California Consumer Privacy Act
This section supplements the other information in this Notice and applies solely to “consumers” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended from time to time, and its related regulations (the “CCPA”). Specifically, this Notice applies to our processing activity when we are acting as a “business” under the CCPA—meaning that we control the purposes and means of processing your personal information. This section explains Shipt’s collection, processing, and disclosure of personal information relating to California consumers or households.
As defined by the CCPA, “personal information” includes any
information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is
reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information does not include information:
That is lawfully made available from government records. That Shipt has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or by the consumer. Made available by a person to whom the consumer has disclosed the information if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience. That is lawfully obtained, truthful information that is a matter of public concern. That is deidentified or aggregate consumer information. Excluded from the CCPA’s scope, personal information is covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws such as the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
In the past 12 months, Shipt has collected the following categories
of personal information from consumers and disclosed such information to
the following categories of third parties for the business purposes further described below.
Categories of PI Collected
Examples
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account
name, driver’s license number, loyalty card number or card ID for Retail Partners, or other similar identifiers.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, managed services providers
and IT consultants
Online analytics and marketing/advertising service
providers
Financial institutions and payment processors
Customer contact service centers
Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and
auditors)
Retail Partners who use our Services
Shoppers who we use to provide our Services
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including the details of products purchased from a Retail Partner using the Services.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, hosting providers, managed
services providers, and IT consultants
Marketing/advertising service providers
Financial institutions and payment processors
Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and
auditors)
Retail Partners who use our Services
Shoppers who we use to provide our Services
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s
interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers
Online analytics and marketing/advertising service
providers
Retail Partners who use our Services
Personal information types listed in the California Customer Records
statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, signature, physical characteristics or description,
address, telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card
number.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with
other categories.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, hosting providers, managed
services providers, and IT consultants
Online analytics and marketing/advertising service
providers
Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and
auditors)
Retail Partners who use our Services
Shoppers who we use to provide our Services
Sensory data
Audio recordings, voicemail, or similar information.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, hosting providers, and
telephone communication providers
Retail Partners who use our Services
Shoppers who we use to provide our Services
Legally protected classification characteristics
Age (40 years or older), gender.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, hosting providers, and
telephone communication providers
Retail Partners who use our Services
Geolocation information
Information regarding physical location, movement, and movement
patterns.
IT and cloud/hosting service providers
Online analytics and marketing/advertising service
providers
Please note that we may also use, disclose, or transfer your information in connection with the sale, merger, dissolution, restructuring, divestiture, or acquisition of our company or its assets. We may disclose your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation. Shipt collects these categories of personal information from the
following sources:
Direct collection: We collect information directly from
you when you choose to provide it to us by filling out forms on our
website, engaging in transactions with us, signing up to receive
promotional or information communications from us, communicating with us
about our services, or otherwise directly providing the information to
us as described above.
Indirect and technology-based collection: We also collect
certain information from you indirectly when you visit, use, or navigate
our Services. Shipt collects certain identifiers (such as IP addresses)
and internet and similar network activity (such as website usage data)
from you indirectly using cookie, pixels, and passive tracking
technologies, as described above.
Collection via social media: We may collect personal data
about social media users, including basic user profile information (such
as username), user-generated content (such as posts, comments, pages,
profiles, or feeds) and associated metadata (such as time and location
of a post or comment); contact details (such as name, email address,
telephone number if made public by the user); and additional individual
information published by the user (such as employer, profession, age,
location, education information, habits, etc.). The type and scope of
personal data obtained from social media platforms depends on the type
of APIs and permissions set out by the respective platforms and the
administrative permissions granted by customers, where
applicable.
Third-party collection: From time-to-time, we may obtain
marketing or lead lists from third party vendors. For example, we engage vendors who provide us with information that was collected from your interactions with third parties that indicate you may be interested in Shipt’s services. We use this information, for example, to send you marketing communications. Sensitive Personal Information Shipt does not collect or process “sensitive personal information” (as defined by the CCPA) for the purposes of inferring characteristics about California consumers. For example, Shipt does not collect or process geolocation information for the purposes of inferring characteristics about California consumers. Accordingly, Shipt treats any such information as “personal information” consistent with applicable provisions of the CCPA. Purposes for the Collection and Use of Personal Information We collect and use your personal information we collect for the following business
or commercial purposes (as well as any other purposes as set forth in
our Notice above).
Providing and optimizing your experience on our website and
ensuring that our content is presented to you in the most effective
manner.
Fulfilling transactions with you, processing your payments, and
managing the transaction and delivery process.
Communicating with you and responding to your inquiries about our
Services, including to provide you with promotional and informational
communications regarding our services, informing you about new services,
updating you about changes to our Services, and investigating any
concerns you have about our Services or your transactions. Engaging in analytics regarding use of our Services by customers for the purposes of marketing to current or potential customers Developing, updating, and improving our services, customer
service, customer experience, and marketing efforts, and otherwise
improving our knowledge and insights regarding customers.
Preventing and detecting fraud, financial crime, hacking
activities, security breaches, and other unlawful activities in
connection with the Services.
Enforcing our agreements with customers and complying with our
legal or regulatory obligations.
Performing other functions as otherwise described to you at the time
of collection or to which you otherwise consent. Applicable Retention Periods Shipt determines the retention period for each category of personal information based on the criteria set forth above in the section titled “Retention of Personal Information”. Sale or Sharing of Personal Information Retail Partners Shipt discloses some personal information concerning member transactions that may
qualify as a sale of information as defined by the CCPA. For example,
Shipt discloses purchase transactional information about a specific
retailer to said retailer, such as transactions concerning how many
Shipt Members used a particular retailer, and what items were purchased,
during a specific time. This information may include personal information such as order ID, Member
email address or telephone number.
In the past 12 months, Shipt has sold the following categories of
personal information to its Retail Partners for the purposes of
fulfilling our contracts with those Retail Partners:
Identifiers: First and last name, email address, telephone
number, order ID.
Commercial information: Records of products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
Internet or other similar network activity: Browsing
history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with
the Retail Partner’s site or store.
Other Sales In the past 12 months, Shipt has also sold to (i) marketing/advertising service companies, and (ii) online analytics providers, the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers: First and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, retail loyalty card number or card ID, household identifier or primary card. Commercial information: Records of transactions and other purchasing histories.
Shipt sold such personal information for the purposes of allowing such third parties to provide targeted advertising and cross-context behavioral advertising services to others. Sharing In the past 12 months, Shipt shared with (i) marketing/advertising service companies, and (ii) online analytics providers, the following categories of personal information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising:
Identifiers: First and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, retail loyalty card number or card ID, household identifier or primary card. Commercial information: Records of transactions and other purchasing histories.
Shipt shared such personal information for the purposes of allowing such third parties to provide targeted advertising and cross-context behavioral advertising services to others. Additional information regarding how you may exercise your right to
opt-out of the sale of your personal information is located below in the
section titled, “How to Exercise Your Rights,” below.
Shipt does not have actual knowledge of any sales or sharing of personal
information regarding minors under 16 years of age.
How to Exercise Your Rights
The CCPA provides California residents with the following rights relating to their personal information, subject to certain exceptions:
Access/Data Portability: the right to request access to the personal information that Shipt collects, uses, discloses, sells or shares (including that personal information collected and used in the past 12 months) and the right to request that we provide copies of the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If a verifiable consumer request is made, and subject to any
exceptions or limitations under the CCPA, we will take steps to deliver
the personal information to you electronically in a portable and readily
useable format, to the extent technically feasible. Consistent with the
CCPA and our interest in the security of your personal information, we
will not provide copies of sensitive personal information we may receive
from you (e.g., driver’s license number, other government-issued
identification number, financial account number, account password, or
security questions or answers) in response to a CCPA request, to the
extent any of those items are in our possession.
Deletion: the right to request that Shipt delete personal
information we have collected from you subject to certain exceptions
permissible by the applicable law.
Please note that if you are a Shipt Member and you submit a
deletion request, your account will be deactivated. If you would like to
continue your membership after deletion, you will need to set up a new
membership account, which will be devoid of all prior order history or
other information. We may retain an archived copy of your records as
permitted or required by law.
Do Not Sell: the right to request that Shipt opt you out
of the sale of your personal information. Do Not Share: the right to request that Shipt opt you out of the sharing of your personal information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Correction: if we maintain inaccurate personal information about you, the right to request that Shipt correct that inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
As mentioned above, if you are a Shipt Shopper or Shopper applicant and a California resident, please refer to the Shipt Shopper and Shopper Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how to exercise your rights. If you are seeking employment with Shipt and a California resident, please refer to the Shipt Job Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how to exercise your rights. How to Submit a Request You can submit a request using the methods listed below:
Access/Data Portability Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link. Deletion Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link. Do Not Share Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link. Correction Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link.
Process for Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Requests To exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you — or someone authorized to act on your behalf — can submit a request through one of the methods listed below:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link. Do Not Share Requests: Contact Shipt at 877-557-1484 or click this link.
The CCPA requires us to comply with a consumer request to opt out of sales or sharing as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) business days from the date the request is received. No verification is required; however, we may deny a request to opt-out of sales or sharing if we have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that the request is fraudulent. In the event we deny a request for this reason, we will inform the consumer that we are not complying with the request and provide an explanation of why we believe the request is fraudulent.
Requests may be made using an authorized agent, if the consumer
provides the agent with written permission signed by the consumer to act
on the consumer’s behalf. We may deny a request if the applicable agent
does not submit proof that it has been authorized by the consumer to act
on the consumer’s behalf. Once a consumer makes an opt out request, we will honor such request for at least twelve (12) months before asking the consumer to reauthorize personal information sales or sharing. Additionally, if a consumer initiates a transaction or attempts to use a product or service that requires the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information, we may inform the consumer that the transaction, product or service requires the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information and provide the consumer instructions on how to opt in to sales or sharing. Shipt uses an advertising service, Criteo, for internet based
retargeting advertising. Criteo works through the use of a web pixel on
Shipt’s website that will collect electronic information about you.
Shipt does not see this information, which is transmitted directly to
Criteo. Criteo considers the use of their product to be a potential data
sale under California law. Accordingly, if you wish to opt out of the
use of Criteo services with respect to your data, you may do so via
Criteo’s opt out mechanism.
Process for an Access/Data Portability, Deletion or Correction Request You will be required to provide at least 4 pieces of information which may include your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. Shipt will use this information to search our systems and determine if we have information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your request. If we are not able to match the 4 pieces of information you submit, we may only be able to provide you with a report that includes the categories of Personal Information we collect, use, disclose or sell.
A link to your access report will be sent to you by email, which will
be sent to the email address you provided at the time you submitted your
request.
If you are an authorized agent, you will be required to submit your
name, mailing address, email address and phone number as well as the
name, mailing address, email address and phone number of the individual
you are making a request on behalf of. Shipt will use the individual’s
information to search our systems and determine if we have information
about the individual. If we are able to locate the information about the
individual, we will fulfill the request. As an authorized agent you will
receive an email confirming that we received the request along with a
second email asking you to fill out a certification form confirming your
information and certifying that you have the right to make this request
on behalf of the individual. Once the report is ready, it will be sent
to the email address you have given us.
The CCPA requires us to respond to a verifiable consumer request
within forty-five (45) days of its receipt; however, we may extend that
period by an additional 45 days. If we require more time, we will inform
you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our
written response via e-mail. Any disclosures we provide will only cover
the twelve (12)-month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable
consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons
we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. You may only make a
verifiable consumer request for access twice within a twelve (12)-month
period, provided that you may request disclosure beyond the 12-month period as permitted by the CCPA. We will not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable
consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell
you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate
before completing the request.
Our Commitment Not to Discriminate
Consistent with the CCPA, we will not discriminate against you for
exercising any of your CCPA rights by:
Denying you goods or services.
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing
penalties.
Providing you with a different level or quality of goods or
services.
Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods
or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Information for Virginia Residents This section supplements the other information in this Notice and provides additional details for Virginia consumers, as defined by the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”). The categories of personal data (as defined by the VCDPA) of Virginia consumers processed by Shipt and the purposes for such processing; the categories of personal data that are disclosed with third parties and the categories of third parties with whom Shipt discloses personal data; and the categories of personal data sold by Shipt or processed by Shipt for the purposes of targeted advertising are described in the “Information for California Residents” section above. Virginia residents have the right under the VCDPA (subject to applicable limitations or exceptions) to:
Confirm whether or not Shipt is processing the consumer’s personal data and to access such data; Correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer’s personal data; Delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer; Obtain a copy of the consumer’s personal data that the consumer previously provided to Shipt in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means; and Opt-out of the processing of the consumer’s personal data for the purposes of: (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. If you are a resident of Virginia, you may exercise these rights by clicking this link. We will verify your request using commercially reasonable efforts: this may include requiring you to provide at least 4 pieces of information which may include your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. Shipt will use this information to search our systems and determine if we have information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your request, to the extent no exception or limitation under the VCDPA applies. If we are not able to match the 4 pieces of information you submit, we may only be able to provide you with a report that includes the categories of Personal Information we collect, use, disclose or sell. Shipt will respond to the request within 45 days of receipt of the request; however, we may extend the period for response by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary, in which case we will inform you of the extension together with the reason. If Shipt declines to take an action regarding your request, we will inform you of such, including the justification for declining to take action and instructions on how to appeal the decision. Information provided in response to a request shall be provided free of charge, up to twice annually per consumer. If requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive, Shipt may charge the consumer a reasonable fee to cover the administrative costs of complying with the request or decline to act on the request. In the event Shipt declines to take action regarding your request, you may appeal the decision by contacting Shipt at: privacy@shipt.com. Within 60 days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you of any action or inaction taken in response to such appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint. How to Contact Shipt
If you have questions about this Notice, you can contact us in one of
the following ways:
Send an email to: privacy@shipt.com
Write to:
Shipt
Attn: Legal Department
420 20th St. N, Suite 100
Birmingham, AL 35203
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Shipt will update this Notice periodically to reflect changes to our
privacy practices. We will provide notice online when we make any
material changes to this Notice.
Using ShiptSign upGive a giftHelpCommunityGet paid to shopBlogContact usTrust and SafetyResourcesAbout usGrocery DeliveryPartner with usCareersPress/MediaBrand Resources©
2023 Shipt, Inc. and its services are not necessarily affiliated or endorsed by the retailers on this site.Terms of servicePrivacy NoticeCA privacy rightsDo not sell or share my personal informationOpt Out of Targeted AdvertisingPrivacy RightsInterest-based ads