Skip to contentWe Deliver. Get what you need, when you need it. Learn MoreStore LocatorCustomer ServiceBusiness AccountsMenu Ace Hardware What can we help you find?CancelHi there,Sign in|New AccountSign InSign in for faster checkout and to redeem and earn rewards!EmailShowHidePasswordLog InForgot Password?Reset Password(Cancel)Send EmailCreate an AccountRegister with an email address and passwordEmail◌Password must be a minimum of 6 characters◌Include 1 number◌Include 1 alphabetic characterShowHidePasswordSign up for exclusive offers and expert tipsRegister Your connection to this website is secure.Ace RewardsLearn moreCart ItemsCartHi there,Sign In | New AccountAce RewardsLearn MoreLearn More | JoinSaleSales & SpecialsBackSales & SpecialsTop Sales & SpecialsClearanceAce Rewards OffersLocal AdDepartmentsShop by BrandOutdoor Living and PatioBackOutdoor Living and PatioView AllLawn and GardenBackLawn and GardenView AllToolsBackToolsView AllPaint and SuppliesBackPaint and SuppliesView AllHeating and CoolingBackHeating and CoolingView AllHome and DecorBackHome and DecorView AllBuilding SuppliesBackBuilding SuppliesView AllHardwareBackHardwareView AllStorage and OrganizationBackStorage and OrganizationView AllLighting and ElectricalBackLighting and ElectricalView AllPlumbingBackPlumbingView AllAutomotive, RV and MarineBackAutomotive, RV and MarineView AllGift CardsLocal AdThe Paint StudioAce Project PlaceAce Handyman ServicesBusiness AccountsStore LocatorCustomer ServiceshowAll Departments showAllShop by Brand Featured BrandsBrands A - Z #
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z View all BrandsAce Gift Card showAllOutdoor Living and Patio Outdoor Living and Patio showAllLawn and Garden Lawn and Garden showAllTools Tools showAllPaint and Supplies Paint and Supplies showAllHeating and Cooling Heating and Cooling showAllHome and Decor Home and Decor showAllBuilding Supplies Building Supplies showAllHardware Hardware showAllStorage and Organization Storage and Organization showAllLighting and Electrical Lighting and Electrical showAllPlumbing Plumbing showAllAutomotive, RV and Marine Automotive, RV and Marine showAll Sales & Specials Top Sales & Specials Clearance Ace Rewards Offers showAll Local Ad showAll The Paint Studio showAll Ace Project Place showAll Ace Handyman Services You're shoppingStore Info & DirectionsYou're shopping-Get Directions
,
PhoneGet DirectionsFull store detailsChange store
,
Phone: Full store detailsChange storeServices & Brands Store ServicesFeatured BrandsFull store detailsChange store Ace Hardware Customer Service My Account Opening My Account Managing My Account Ace Rewards Referral Terms Order Information Track Your Order Cancellations Damaged Orders Assembly Information Emails About Your Order Haul Away Easy Returns 30 Day Return Policy Return Instructions Return Credit Payments & Pricing Discounts & Codes Payment Options Sales Tax Redeeming Rewards Exclusions Gift Cards Shipping, Delivery, Pickup & Curbside Ship to Home Delivery from Store Free Store Pickup & Curbside Store Locator Find Your Local Ace Product Information Product Inquiries Product Recalls Warranties Parts & Repairs Safety, Security & Privacy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Online Security & Safety How Can We Help? Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions My Account My AccountOpening My AccountOpening an account on www.acehardware.com is easy. Simply sign in/register in the upper right hand corner of the site, or when you place an order, you will be prompted to log in with your e-mail address and password.
If you do not have a password, you will be prompted to create one.
An account offers you a safe, easy and fast way to order. It also serves as a way to track your order history
Account BenefitsSet up My Account and customize your preferences! Improve your shopping experience by taking advantage of these great benefits...
News & Exclusive Offers. Sign up to receive email updates on special promotions, sales alerts, new product announcements, gift ideas and more!Order History. Receive important information regarding your order and the capability to track your order.Faster Checkout. Save your billing and shipping information for a hassle-free checkout!Managing My AccountIt's easy to change your account information online, at any time. Simply sign into your account by clicking "sign in/register" in the upper right hand corner of acehardware.com. If you have forgotten your password, click here.
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseACE REWARDS® PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONSLast updated February 28, 2023IMPORTANT! These Ace Rewards Program Terms and Conditions ("Program Terms") govern the Ace Rewards Program (the "Program") and your participation in the Program. These Program Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Ace Hardware Corporation ("Ace" OR "we" OR "us"). PLEASE READ THESE PROGRAM TERMS BEFORE PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM, AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS AND INCLUDE A BINDING CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION CLAUSE, A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, AND A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. BY ENROLLING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE PROGRAM TERMS. If you do not agree to these Program Terms, then you should not enroll or otherwise participate in the Program.TABLE OF CONTENTSPrivacy and Additional TermsModifications and CancellationEligibilityEnrollmentProgram CardsAccruing PointsEarning and Redeeming RewardsAdditional Program BenefitsAce Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Points OfferAce Rewards PremierExpirationAdditional Exclusions and LimitationsValue and TransferAssigned Participating RetailerProgram Accounts; Program Account Termination; Program CancellationErrors and MisconductDISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYARBITRATION AGREEMENT; PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS AND NON-INDIVIDUALIZED RELIEFCommunicationsMiscellaneousCustomer Service1. Privacy and Additional TermsAce's collection, use, and sharing of your information is governed by our
Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Program Terms. In addition, your use of our Online Services as defined in Ace Hardware's Terms of Use, including the www.acehardware.com website (the "Site") and the Ace Hardware Mobile App (the "App"), in connection with the Program is subject to such Terms of Use, which are incorporated by reference into these Program Terms. To the extent of any conflict between the Privacy Policy and these Program Terms or the Terms of Use and these Program Terms, these Program Terms will prevail.2.
Modification and CancellationWe reserve the right to modify, restrict, or cancel the Program, the Program Benefits (as defined below), or any portion thereof, and/or to modify these Program Terms (and any customer service policies or other documents related to the Program) at any time in our sole discretion with or without notice to you; provided that we will provide notice of any modifications to these Program terms by posting the modified version at www.acehardware.com/rewards-terms (or any other URL Ace may designate from time to time), together with a revised "Last updated" date. In addition, we may elect to send a mail or email communication notifying Program members of the modifications, but we are not obligated to do so and you hereby waive any right you may have to receive such notice. You should check this page periodically to see if any recent changes to the Program Terms have occurred. By participating in the Program, including redeeming or using any Program Benefits, after we post any such changes, you agree to the Program Terms as modified.3. EligibilityTo be eligible for Program membership, you must: (i) be an individual at least 18 years of age; (ii) a resident of the fifty (50) United States, the District of Columbia, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (iii) provide all required enrollment information. Except as otherwise provided in these Program Terms, business entities are eligible to participate in the Program, provided an authorized employee completes the enrollment process. Ace Hardware retailers may exclude their employees from participating in the Program.By enrolling in the Program, you are certifying that you meet all eligibility criteria. In addition, if you are enrolling on behalf of a business entity, you are certifying that you are authorized to bind, and do hereby bind, the business entity to these Terms.4. EnrollmentThere is no charge to enroll and participate in the Program.You can enroll in the Program by creating an Ace Rewards Program account ("Program Account"): (i) in store, by completing Program enrollment at an Ace Hardware retail location that participates in the Program ("Participating Retailer"); (ii) by completing the Program enrollment process via the App, which is available for download at the Apple® App Store for iOS devices and the Google Play™ store for Android™ devices; or (iii) by completing the Program enrollment process on the Site at: https://www.acehardware.com/ace-rewards. Program enrollment in the App or on the Site requires a pre-existing Ace Hardware online account ("Ace Hardware Account"). If you don't have an Ace Hardware Account, you can open one at no charge by completing the Ace Hardware Account enrollment process in the App or on the Site at: https://www.acehardware.com/user/login?previous=web_page#create-account.Program enrollment via the Online Services is not available to residents of Puerto Rico, who must enroll at a Participating Retailer. All required information must be provided, including full name, business name (if applicable), valid mailing address, and phone number. Additional required information may be identified during the enrollment process. Each Program member is limited to a single Program Account and Ace may elect to terminate duplicate Program Accounts. Only Program members with a Program Account in good standing can participate in the Program.For information on Participating Retailers near you, please contact Customer Service.5.Program CardsAce may elect to provide you with a Program membership card ("Program Card"), but a Program Card is not necessary to participate in the Program or take advantage of Program Benefits. If you enroll at a Participating Retailer, one or more Program Cards may be provided to you at that time.You are responsible for all transactions using your Program Card and/or Program Account and agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized activity related to your Program Account. If you would like to replace your Program Card or would like additional Program Cards, please contact Customer Service.6.
Accruing PointsMembers earn Program points ("Points") by making qualifying purchases on the Site, via the App, or at Participating Retailers. Please note that members who are located in or whose Assigned Retailer is located in Puerto Rico will not be able to make purchases via the Site or App. Ten (10) Points will accrue for every $1.00 spent on qualifying purchases, less any discount, coupon, Instant Savings, Red Hot Buy, Reward redemption, in-store promotion and/or any other price adjustment made at time of purchase. Points will not accrue, and previously awarded Points may be deducted, for any returns, credits, refunds, chargebacks, or voided transactions.For purposes of accruing Points, qualifying purchases exclude: (i) taxes; (ii) gift cards; (iii) charitable donations; (iv) service fees; (v) any merchandise purchased from a Participating Retailer's non-Ace businesses; (vi) any merchandise that a Participating Retailer, in its sole discretion, elects to exclude from time to time; (vii) any merchandise that Ace, in its sole discretion, elects to exclude from time to time; (viii) online shipping charges; (ix) payments on accounts, credit card payments, finance and interest charges, and late fees; (x) any purchase made on any website or application other than the Site or the App; (xi) in-store purchases at Ace retailers that don't participate in the Program; (xii) city stickers, trash bags, and other licenses and permits; and (xiii) any purchase required to be excluded by applicable law. Additional exclusions may apply and some Participating Retailers may permit Points to be awarded for the purchase of excluded items. See your Assigned Participating Retailer for details.Except as Ace may permit on a case-by-case basis in its sole discretion, Points will not be awarded retroactively. To earn Points for qualifying purchases at a Participating Retailer, you must present your Program Card or the phone number associated with your Program Account at the time of purchase. Your Program Account number may appear at the bottom of the store receipt. However, the presence of your Program Account number on the receipt does not mean all items, or any items, appearing on the receipt were qualifying purchases. To earn Points for qualifying purchases on the Site or in the App, at the time of purchase you must have and be logged into an Ace Hardware Account linked to your Program Account ("Linked Ace Hardware Account").In addition, from time to time Ace may elect to award Points in connection with Member Offers (as defined below). Please review the terms of each Member Offer for specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including expiration dates and channels/locations.Points will typically appear in your account within thirty (30) business days of the date of your qualifying purchase for in-store purchases or, for qualifying purchases made online, within thirty (30) days of date of order fulfillment. Points earned in connection with Member Offers will typically appear within the timeframe identified in the applicable Member Offer (as defined below), or if no timeframe is identified, within thirty (30) business days of your redemption of the Member Offer. If you feel Points were not properly credited to your Program Account, you must notify us by contacting
Customer Service
within thirty (30) days of the date on which such Points should have been awarded per these Program Terms or, if applicable, the terms of the Member Offer. You agree that our determination with respect to Points accrued shall be final. Points reflected in our records shall be deemed correct and we shall have the right to determine the Points to be awarded to you and to adjust or void Points at any time, consistent with these Program Terms. Please login to your Linked Ace Hardware Account or contact Customer Service
for information on your Point balance.7. Earning and Redeeming RewardsYou must earn at least 2,500 Points to receive a Program reward ("Reward"). For every 2,500 Points accrued, you will receive a Reward redeemable for $5.00 off the purchase price of eligible merchandise. If you earn multiple Rewards at the same time (because you have accrued 5,000 or more Points), the Rewards may be combined into a single Reward or Ace may elect, in its sole discretion, to split the total value of the Rewards between multiple Rewards in denominations of Ace's choosing, provided that all Rewards are issued in multiples of $5.00. Ace does not issue partial or fractional Rewards.Rewards are processed during the week in which the minimum 2,500 Point level is attained. Points are automatically deducted from your Program Account for issued Rewards. You cannot elect to retain the Points in your Program Account instead of receiving a Reward. Rewards are available in digital and print versions, as more fully described below, but digital and print versions of a Reward, and any permitted copies of a Reward, constitute a single Reward which may be redeemed only once. Ace, in its sole discretion, may immediately suspend or terminate your Program Account and your participation in the Program, if you attempt to redeem any Reward more than once.Rewards - Digital Versions: Program Accounts with more than 2,500 Points on Sunday will have a digital Reward ("Digital Reward") issued and available for redemption on or about Monday. Redemption of Digital Rewards requires a Linked Ace Hardware Account and is not available to members who are residents of Puerto Rico or whose Assigned Participating Retailer is located in Puerto Rico. Digital Rewards may be redeemed on the Site or in the App; provided, however, that for orders that are paid solely with redeemed Rewards and that contain one or more items that will be shipped to your home or other designated address, you may redeem a maximum of $99.99 in Rewards per order. Digital Rewards may also be downloaded to your device or printed out for use at the Participating Retailer identified on the Digital Reward. In addition, Digital Rewards downloaded to your device or that you print out may be accepted by other Participating Retailers in their sole discretion. For guidance on redeeming Digital Rewards, please review Ace's
Customer Service policies. Rewards – Print Versions: Except as otherwise provided in these Program Terms, if a Digital Reward has not been redeemed by the end of the month following the month of issuance, Ace will mail a tangible print Reward ("Print Reward") to the mailing address associated with your Program Account if we have a valid mailing address for you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your Print Rewards will be mailed to your Assigned Participating Retailer (defined below) rather than directly to you if (i) requested by your Assigned Participating Retailer and we have no valid mailing address on file for you, regardless of the amount of the Print Reward; (ii) requested by your Assigned Participating Retailer and the value of the Print Rewards is $24.99 or more; or (iii) the value of the Print Rewards is $100 or more. If your Print Reward is mailed to your Assigned Participating Retailer, your Digital Reward will still be available for redemption (see the paragraph above on Digital Rewards redemption) unless you are a resident of Puerto Rico or your Assigned Participating Retailer is located in Puerto Rico. In addition, for Rewards issued after 4/1/23, Ace generally will not mail Print Rewards to you (or your Assigned Participating Retailer, as applicable) if you are an Active App User. For purposes of these Program Terms, "Active App User" means a Program member who has (a) downloaded the App, (b)
a Linked Ace Hardware Account, and (c) interacted with the App (other than deleting the App), during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the issuing of a Reward. Active App Users may opt to receive Print Rewards, on an ongoing basis, by contacting Customer Care at Customer Service. A Print Reward may be redeemed at the Participating Retailer identified on the Print Reward. In addition, Print Rewards may be accepted by other Participating Retailers in their sole discretion.Whether redeemed in-store, on the Site, or in the App, Rewards can be applied toward the purchase of eligible merchandise only. Eligible merchandise excludes: (i) services sold by Ace stores, including rentals, in-store services, and extended warranties; (ii) gift cards; (iii) city stickers, trash bags, and other licenses and permits; (iv) lumber and building materials; (v) liquor, tobacco, firearms, and fuel; (vi) payments on account, including house accounts; (vii) previously purchased merchandise; and (viii) taxes. Additional exclusions may apply and some Participating Retailers may permit redemption of Rewards on excluded items. See your Assigned Participating Retailer for details. In addition, Ace may, but is not obligated to, permit online redemption of Rewards on excluded items.Rewards are valid for a single transaction only. Subject to any limitations set forth in these Program Terms, you may combine more than one Reward towards an eligible purchase. Rewards may be used in conjunction with other offers unless prohibited by the terms of such other offers. If the value of the Reward(s) used is greater than the purchase price of eligible merchandise, before tax, no change will be given and the remaining balance of the Reward(s) will be forfeited. Photocopies, duplicates, and facsimiles of Print Rewards are not valid. Rewards are allocated pro rata across all eligible merchandise and will not be replaced if eligible merchandise is returned; provided, that if a Program member redeems a Reward toward an online order of eligible merchandise and the full order is cancelled prior to fulfillment, Ace will reissue to the Program member's Program Account Points equivalent to the value such Reward. Rewards can be used until their expiration date, unless sooner redeemed.8. Additional Program BenefitsAce, in its sole discretion, may offer additional benefits to Program members from time to time. These additional benefits may include:Instant Savings in-store, on the Site, and/or in the App.
Instant Savings are subject to product availability. Not all Participating Retailers offer all Instant Savings. See each Instant Savings offer for any specific terms, limitations, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates.Free delivery from store with qualifying online purchases of $50 or more.
Program members are eligible to receive free next day delivery on in-stock orders of merchandise with a subtotal (before Reward redemption and taxes) of $50 or more. Exclusions apply. See the product page on the Site or in the App to determine if a particular product is eligible for free delivery from store. Free delivery is not available in Puerto Rico. Free delivery is for the next business day and excludes same day delivery and ship to home. Not all Participating Retailers offer free delivery and delivery areas and delivery merchandise may be limited. See the Ace Customer Service Policy for Delivery from Store for additional limitations and details.
Offers and coupons exclusively for Program members.
From time to time, Ace may elect to make special offers, coupons, or promotions (collectively, "Member Offers") available to Program members. Member Offers may include, but are not limited to, bonus Point awards and discount coupons. Member Offers are made in Ace's sole discretion, may not be offered or awarded to all Program members, and are subject to the terms of the Member Offer. Ace may withdraw Member Offers at any time, with or without notice; provided, that Member Offers with a specified expiration date will, in the absence of error, fraud or other misconduct, remain valid through such expiration date. See each Member Offer for any specific terms, limitations, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates. Please see Section 9 below for additional information regarding certain Member Offers.Proof of Program membership may be required to take advantage of Program Benefits. PLEASE KEEP YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION, INCLUDING MAILING ADDRESS, EMAIL ADDRESS, AND BIRTH MONTH, CURRENT AND COMPLETE TO ENSURE YOU RECEIVE PROGRAM BENEFITS. ACE IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY PROGRAM BENEFITS YOU MAY MISS DUE TO INCOMPLETE OR INCORRECT PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION. 9. Ace Rewards Program Promotional Member Offers.From time-to-time, Ace may make Member Offers without a fixed expiration date. Ace may terminate such Member Offers at any time in its sole discretion, unless otherwise expressly provided in the terms applicable to such Member Offers. For more information on the terms of such Member Offers:For terms applicable to the Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Offer, please visit: https://www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=referral-termsPlease see the App for terms applicable to the Ace Mobile App Download Bonus Offer.10. Ace Rewards PremierAce Rewards Premier Eligibility and Expiration: Program members with a qualifying spend of $750 or more (excluding taxes and applied Rewards and discounts) on the Site, in the App, or at Participating Retailers in a rolling twelve (12) month period while an Ace Rewards Program member and for whom we have a valid mailing address are automatically eligible for Ace Rewards Premier status; provided that corporate/business Program members and Program members with store house accounts are ineligible for Ace Rewards Premier status. In order for purchases to count toward the qualifying spend, Program members must present their Rewards Card or number when making in-store purchases and be logged in to their Linked Ace Hardware Account when making purchases on the Site or in the App. Eligible Program members will be informed approximately one to two months following the end of the calendar quarter during which they became eligible for Ace Rewards Premier status. Information regarding eligibility for Ace Rewards Premier status is available by contacting Customer Service. Ace Rewards Premier status expires one (1) year from the end of the calendar quarter in which you qualify for Ace Rewards Premier status. Upon expiration of the one-year period, Program members may requalify for Ace Rewards Premier status for subsequent one-year terms if they continue to meet the Ace Rewards Premier eligibility criteria.Ace Rewards Premier Benefits: From time to time, Program members with Ace Rewards Premier status will be given exclusive offers and coupons (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier Coupons"). Ace Rewards Premier Coupons are redeemable at the Participating Retailer identified on the Ace Rewards Premier Coupon and may be accepted by other Participating Retailers, in their sole discretion. From time to time, Program members with Ace Rewards Premier status, who have a Linked Ace Hardware Account and who have downloaded the App will receive special offers and coupons in the App (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier App Extras"). Ace, in its sole discretion, determines the nature, amount, and frequency of Ace Rewards Premier Coupons and Ace Rewards Premier App Extras (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier Offers") which Ace may change from time to time with or without notice to you. Not all Ace Rewards Premier Offers may be made available to all Ace Rewards Premier members. See each Ace Rewards Premier Offer for any specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including expiration dates and redemption channels/locations.11. ExpirationPoints: Points do not expire and unused Points will remain in your Program Account until you reach the minimum number of Points needed to receive a Reward.Rewards: Rewards expire on the last day of the fourth month following the month in which they are issued and available for redemption on the Site or via the App. For example, if a Reward is processed and available for redemption in January, the Reward will expire on May 31. You can obtain information regarding Reward expiration dates through your Linked Ace Hardware Account. The expiration date will appear on the Reward and is the same for both Digital Rewards and Print Rewards.Member Offers: See the terms of each Member Offer for details regarding expiration.Ace Rewards Premier and Ace Rewards Premier Offers: Ace Rewards Premier status will expire as described in the Ace Rewards Premier section above. See the terms of each Ace Rewards Premier Offer for details regarding expiration. PROGRAM BENEFITS WILL ISSUE AND EXPIRE ACCORDING TO THESE PROGRAM TERMS. PLEASE KEEP YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION COMPLETE AND CURRENT TO ENSURE YOU RECEIVE PROGRAM BENEFITS.12. Additional Exclusions and LimitationsPoints, Rewards, Member Offers, Ace Rewards Premier Offers, and all other Program benefits (collectively, "Program Benefits) are subject to (i) the exclusions, conditions, and limitations specified in these Program Terms, (ii) availability, and (iii) the terms applicable to the particular Program Benefit. See each Program Benefit for any specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates. Program Benefits are void where prohibited.Not all Program Benefits may be made available to all Program members. Participating Retailers may alter the Program and the Program Benefits at their discretion. Please consult your Assigned Participating Retailer for details. For assistance identifying your Assigned Participating Retailer, please see
Section 14.13. Value and TransferPoints, Rewards, Member Offers, Ace Rewards Premier Offers, and other Program Benefits: (i) have no cash value; (ii) cannot be exchanged for cash, in whole or in part; and (iii) have no value outside of the Program. At our discretion we may, but are not obligated to, replace unredeemed lost or stolen Print Rewards that have not expired. The accumulation of Points does not entitle you to any vested rights with respect to Points, Rewards, or any other Program Benefits.A member's Program membership, Program Account, Program Card, and Program Benefits are for the use of the named Program member only and cannot be sold, shared, assigned, bartered, or otherwise transferred; provided, that if a Member Offer or Ace Rewards Premier Offer is expressly transferable, members are permitted to transfer such offer in accordance with its terms. In the event of a divorce of a Program member, the named Program member retains all Program Benefits unless otherwise provided by a valid and final court order submitted to Ace. In the event of the death of a Program member, except as otherwise required by law, all Program Benefits remain non-transferable.14. Assigned Participating RetailerEvery Rewards member has a participating Ace retailer assigned to their Program Account ("Assigned Participating Retailer"). If you enroll in the Program on the Site or via the App without making a purchase, Ace will select your Assigned Participating Retailer based on the zip code associated with your Program Account. If you enroll in the Program on the Site or via the App and make a purchase, the Participating Retailer associated with the sale will be your Assigned Participating Retailer). If you enroll in the Program at a Participating Retailer, that Participating Retailer will be your Assigned Participating Retailer. From time to time Ace may change your Assigned Participating Retailer based on your shopping habits, store participation in the Program, or other factors. If your Assigned Participating Retailer ceases to participate in the Program, you will be assigned to the nearest Participating Retailer based on zip code unless you shop at another Participating Retailer in the interim. Ace may, but is not obligated to, send you a mail or email communication informing you of a change in your Assigned Participating Retailer. If you would like help identifying your Assigned Participating Retailer, please contact Customer Service. You may also contact Customer Service to request a change in your Assigned Participating Retailer, but any such change will be effective only for future Rewards and other Program Benefits and not Rewards or other Program Benefits that have already been processed.15. Program Accounts; Program Account Termination; Program CancellationYou are solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the information you supply in connection with your Program Account. Failure to keep your Program Account information current and complete may result in forfeiture or lapsing of Program Benefits. You may access and update your information and access your Program Account status, including Points accrued, by contacting Customer Service. You can also access and update some Program Account information online by logging into your Linked Ace Hardware Account on the Site. You may also update some Program Account information in the App. Please note that residents of Puerto Rico will not be able to manage Program Accounts via the Site or App.You may terminate your Program Account at any time by contacting Customer Service. Ace may suspend or terminate your Program Account and your participation in the Program and/or suspend or void any or all Program Benefits at any time, with or without notice to you and without liability or obligation to you, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that (i) you are ineligible for the Program; (ii) you have violated these Program Terms or the Terms of Use; (iii) you have provided false information to Ace, its affiliates, or its retailers; (iv) you have engaged in illegal or fraudulent conduct or conduct that is dangerous, deceptive, improper, or objectionable; or (v) it is advisable to protect the interests of Ace, our retailers, employees, customers, Program members, or any third party.In the event we cancel the Program, your Program Account will automatically terminate upon the effective date of Program cancellation.Upon termination of your Program Account for any reason, your membership in the Program terminates and all Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, are voided. 16. Errors and MisconductWe reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust, postpone, suspend, or void your Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, and/or to suspend, revoke, or cancel your Ace Rewards Premier status and/or Program Account at any time, with or without notice, in the event of actual or suspected (i) human or technical errors; (ii) technical disruptions; (iii) misconduct, fraud, or other activity that impairs the administration, security, integrity, or proper use of the Program, any Program Benefits, or any property of Ace or Participating Retailers. In addition, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust, suspend, postpone, or void your Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, and/or to suspend, revoke or cancel your Ace Rewards Premier status and/or Program Account at any time, with or without notice, for any other reason we deem appropriate.17. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of LiabilityTO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PROGRAM AND ALL RELATED PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND PROGRAM BENEFITS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ACE, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS RETAILERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM THE PROGRAM OR YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAM OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, THIRD PARTY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ACE, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS RETAILERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (i) YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, (ii) YOUR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS RELATED TO THE PROGRAM, (iii) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT, PROGRAM CARD, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS, OR (iv) TERMINATION OF YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT OR CANCELLATION OF THE PROGRAM.CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.18. Arbitration Agreement; Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized ReliefThis section is deemed to be a "written agreement to arbitrate" pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and you and Ace each agree that this section is intended to satisfy the "writing" requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act. YOU AND ACE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE AT LAW OR EQUITY THAT HAS ARISEN OR MAY ARISE BETWEEN US IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND ACE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.You and Ace agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Ace in connection with the Program shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, including the prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief. The AAA's rules and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings are available on the AAA's website at: www.adr.org.The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or Ace may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone and/or video conference or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone and/or video conference, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.You and Ace agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Ace agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect other Program members. You and Ace further agree that in the event this Arbitration Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the prohibitions on class and representative actions and non-individualized relief set forth in this paragraph are severable and shall apply to any claim between you and Ace in any forum. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.19. CommunicationsProgram members may receive transactional and/or promotional communications from Ace by mail, email, and/or text message. If you have downloaded the App, you may also receive push notifications. Please review our Privacy Policy to learn more about communications from Ace and your choices regarding communications.20. MiscellaneousApplicable Law: The laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern the Program and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Ace.Taxes: Program members are solely responsible for any federal, state, or local taxes and/or government fees that may be imposed in connection with the Program.Waiver: No delay or failure by Ace to enforce any of these Program Terms shall be a waiver of any of our rights under these Program Terms.Severability: The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision(s) of these Program Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision of these Program Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Program Terms shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein.Construction: The headings used in these Program Terms are for convenience only, are not a part of this agreement, and do not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of these Program Terms. Any reference to the term "including" means "including, without limitation." All references to currency are stated in United States dollars.Survival: The provisions regarding disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, arbitration agreement; prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief, and these miscellaneous provisions shall survive termination of your Program Account or cancellation of the Program.21. Customer ServiceIf you have any questions regarding the Program or your Program Account, please contact Customer Service online at
https://www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=contact-us or by phone at 1-888-827-4223.Ace Rewards® Referral Friend Bonus Points OfferLast updated March 05, 2021Existing Program members who elect to participate in the Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Points Offer ("Referral Offer") in the App will be assigned a unique invitation code ("Invitation Code") to share with friends and family who are not already Ace Rewards members ("Non-members"). When Program members share their Invitation Code with an eligible Non-member and the eligible Non-member enrolls in the Program in the App while the Referral Offer is still open and active, the referring member will earn one thousand (1,000) Points ("Referral Bonus Points"), which will appear in the referring member’s Program Account within approximately one (1) business day following the Non-member’s enrollment. Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Offer is valid for a maximum of 10 total friend referrals (a maximum of 10,000 Referral Bonus Points) per Ace Rewards account. Ace reserves the right to terminate the Referral Offer at any time, with or without advance notice. (Note: Removal of the Referral Offer from the App constitutes notice of the termination of the Referral Offer). Non-members must meet all Program eligibility requirements and must complete all Program enrollment requirements in the App using the Invitation Code provided by the referring member while the Referral Offer is active in order for the referring member to receive the Referral Bonus Points. If a Non-member (i) fails to provide the referring member’s Invitation Code at the time of enrollment in the Program in the App or (ii) enrolls in the Program on the Site or at a Participating Retailer, the referring member will not receive the Referral Bonus Points. Ace reserves the right to reject any Invitation Code or reject any Ace Rewards enrollment if it suspects, in its sole discretion, that a member or Non-member involved in the use of such Invitation Code or attempted enrollment (a) has engaged in conduct to subvert the purposes of the Referral Offer, (b) has engaged in fraudulent conduct to obtain Referral Bonus Points; or (c) has violated any Referral Offer terms or the Ace Rewards Terms and Conditions ("Program Terms"). The Referral Offer is subject to the Program Terms. Void where prohibited. By participating in the Referral Offer, you agree to the Program Terms, which are expressly incorporated herein. The Program Terms are available for review at: https://www.acehardware.com/rewards-terms, and are subject to change.Opening My Account My AccountOpening My AccountOpening an account on www.acehardware.com is easy. Simply sign in/register in the upper right hand corner of the site, or when you place an order, you will be prompted to log in with your e-mail address and password.
If you do not have a password, you will be prompted to create one.
An account offers you a safe, easy and fast way to order. It also serves as a way to track your order history
Account BenefitsSet up My Account and customize your preferences! Improve your shopping experience by taking advantage of these great benefits...
News & Exclusive Offers. Sign up to receive email updates on special promotions, sales alerts, new product announcements, gift ideas and more!Order History. Receive important information regarding your order and the capability to track your order.Faster Checkout. Save your billing and shipping information for a hassle-free checkout!Managing My Account Managing My AccountIt's easy to change your account information online, at any time. Simply sign into your account by clicking "sign in/register" in the upper right hand corner of acehardware.com. If you have forgotten your password, click here.
Ace Rewards Privacy PolicyTerms of UseACE REWARDS® PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONSLast updated February 28, 2023IMPORTANT! These Ace Rewards Program Terms and Conditions ("Program Terms") govern the Ace Rewards Program (the "Program") and your participation in the Program. These Program Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Ace Hardware Corporation ("Ace" OR "we" OR "us"). PLEASE READ THESE PROGRAM TERMS BEFORE PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM, AS THEY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS AND INCLUDE A BINDING CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION CLAUSE, A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, AND A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. BY ENROLLING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE PROGRAM TERMS. If you do not agree to these Program Terms, then you should not enroll or otherwise participate in the Program.TABLE OF CONTENTSPrivacy and Additional TermsModifications and CancellationEligibilityEnrollmentProgram CardsAccruing PointsEarning and Redeeming RewardsAdditional Program BenefitsAce Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Points OfferAce Rewards PremierExpirationAdditional Exclusions and LimitationsValue and TransferAssigned Participating RetailerProgram Accounts; Program Account Termination; Program CancellationErrors and MisconductDISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYARBITRATION AGREEMENT; PROHIBITION OF CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS AND NON-INDIVIDUALIZED RELIEFCommunicationsMiscellaneousCustomer Service1. Privacy and Additional TermsAce's collection, use, and sharing of your information is governed by our
Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Program Terms. In addition, your use of our Online Services as defined in Ace Hardware's Terms of Use, including the www.acehardware.com website (the "Site") and the Ace Hardware Mobile App (the "App"), in connection with the Program is subject to such Terms of Use, which are incorporated by reference into these Program Terms. To the extent of any conflict between the Privacy Policy and these Program Terms or the Terms of Use and these Program Terms, these Program Terms will prevail.2.
Modification and CancellationWe reserve the right to modify, restrict, or cancel the Program, the Program Benefits (as defined below), or any portion thereof, and/or to modify these Program Terms (and any customer service policies or other documents related to the Program) at any time in our sole discretion with or without notice to you; provided that we will provide notice of any modifications to these Program terms by posting the modified version at www.acehardware.com/rewards-terms (or any other URL Ace may designate from time to time), together with a revised "Last updated" date. In addition, we may elect to send a mail or email communication notifying Program members of the modifications, but we are not obligated to do so and you hereby waive any right you may have to receive such notice. You should check this page periodically to see if any recent changes to the Program Terms have occurred. By participating in the Program, including redeeming or using any Program Benefits, after we post any such changes, you agree to the Program Terms as modified.3. EligibilityTo be eligible for Program membership, you must: (i) be an individual at least 18 years of age; (ii) a resident of the fifty (50) United States, the District of Columbia, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (iii) provide all required enrollment information. Except as otherwise provided in these Program Terms, business entities are eligible to participate in the Program, provided an authorized employee completes the enrollment process. Ace Hardware retailers may exclude their employees from participating in the Program.By enrolling in the Program, you are certifying that you meet all eligibility criteria. In addition, if you are enrolling on behalf of a business entity, you are certifying that you are authorized to bind, and do hereby bind, the business entity to these Terms.4. EnrollmentThere is no charge to enroll and participate in the Program.You can enroll in the Program by creating an Ace Rewards Program account ("Program Account"): (i) in store, by completing Program enrollment at an Ace Hardware retail location that participates in the Program ("Participating Retailer"); (ii) by completing the Program enrollment process via the App, which is available for download at the Apple® App Store for iOS devices and the Google Play™ store for Android™ devices; or (iii) by completing the Program enrollment process on the Site at: https://www.acehardware.com/ace-rewards. Program enrollment in the App or on the Site requires a pre-existing Ace Hardware online account ("Ace Hardware Account"). If you don't have an Ace Hardware Account, you can open one at no charge by completing the Ace Hardware Account enrollment process in the App or on the Site at: https://www.acehardware.com/user/login?previous=web_page#create-account.Program enrollment via the Online Services is not available to residents of Puerto Rico, who must enroll at a Participating Retailer. All required information must be provided, including full name, business name (if applicable), valid mailing address, and phone number. Additional required information may be identified during the enrollment process. Each Program member is limited to a single Program Account and Ace may elect to terminate duplicate Program Accounts. Only Program members with a Program Account in good standing can participate in the Program.For information on Participating Retailers near you, please contact Customer Service.5.Program CardsAce may elect to provide you with a Program membership card ("Program Card"), but a Program Card is not necessary to participate in the Program or take advantage of Program Benefits. If you enroll at a Participating Retailer, one or more Program Cards may be provided to you at that time.You are responsible for all transactions using your Program Card and/or Program Account and agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized activity related to your Program Account. If you would like to replace your Program Card or would like additional Program Cards, please contact Customer Service.6.
Accruing PointsMembers earn Program points ("Points") by making qualifying purchases on the Site, via the App, or at Participating Retailers. Please note that members who are located in or whose Assigned Retailer is located in Puerto Rico will not be able to make purchases via the Site or App. Ten (10) Points will accrue for every $1.00 spent on qualifying purchases, less any discount, coupon, Instant Savings, Red Hot Buy, Reward redemption, in-store promotion and/or any other price adjustment made at time of purchase. Points will not accrue, and previously awarded Points may be deducted, for any returns, credits, refunds, chargebacks, or voided transactions.For purposes of accruing Points, qualifying purchases exclude: (i) taxes; (ii) gift cards; (iii) charitable donations; (iv) service fees; (v) any merchandise purchased from a Participating Retailer's non-Ace businesses; (vi) any merchandise that a Participating Retailer, in its sole discretion, elects to exclude from time to time; (vii) any merchandise that Ace, in its sole discretion, elects to exclude from time to time; (viii) online shipping charges; (ix) payments on accounts, credit card payments, finance and interest charges, and late fees; (x) any purchase made on any website or application other than the Site or the App; (xi) in-store purchases at Ace retailers that don't participate in the Program; (xii) city stickers, trash bags, and other licenses and permits; and (xiii) any purchase required to be excluded by applicable law. Additional exclusions may apply and some Participating Retailers may permit Points to be awarded for the purchase of excluded items. See your Assigned Participating Retailer for details.Except as Ace may permit on a case-by-case basis in its sole discretion, Points will not be awarded retroactively. To earn Points for qualifying purchases at a Participating Retailer, you must present your Program Card or the phone number associated with your Program Account at the time of purchase. Your Program Account number may appear at the bottom of the store receipt. However, the presence of your Program Account number on the receipt does not mean all items, or any items, appearing on the receipt were qualifying purchases. To earn Points for qualifying purchases on the Site or in the App, at the time of purchase you must have and be logged into an Ace Hardware Account linked to your Program Account ("Linked Ace Hardware Account").In addition, from time to time Ace may elect to award Points in connection with Member Offers (as defined below). Please review the terms of each Member Offer for specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including expiration dates and channels/locations.Points will typically appear in your account within thirty (30) business days of the date of your qualifying purchase for in-store purchases or, for qualifying purchases made online, within thirty (30) days of date of order fulfillment. Points earned in connection with Member Offers will typically appear within the timeframe identified in the applicable Member Offer (as defined below), or if no timeframe is identified, within thirty (30) business days of your redemption of the Member Offer. If you feel Points were not properly credited to your Program Account, you must notify us by contacting
Customer Service
within thirty (30) days of the date on which such Points should have been awarded per these Program Terms or, if applicable, the terms of the Member Offer. You agree that our determination with respect to Points accrued shall be final. Points reflected in our records shall be deemed correct and we shall have the right to determine the Points to be awarded to you and to adjust or void Points at any time, consistent with these Program Terms. Please login to your Linked Ace Hardware Account or contact Customer Service
for information on your Point balance.7. Earning and Redeeming RewardsYou must earn at least 2,500 Points to receive a Program reward ("Reward"). For every 2,500 Points accrued, you will receive a Reward redeemable for $5.00 off the purchase price of eligible merchandise. If you earn multiple Rewards at the same time (because you have accrued 5,000 or more Points), the Rewards may be combined into a single Reward or Ace may elect, in its sole discretion, to split the total value of the Rewards between multiple Rewards in denominations of Ace's choosing, provided that all Rewards are issued in multiples of $5.00. Ace does not issue partial or fractional Rewards.Rewards are processed during the week in which the minimum 2,500 Point level is attained. Points are automatically deducted from your Program Account for issued Rewards. You cannot elect to retain the Points in your Program Account instead of receiving a Reward. Rewards are available in digital and print versions, as more fully described below, but digital and print versions of a Reward, and any permitted copies of a Reward, constitute a single Reward which may be redeemed only once. Ace, in its sole discretion, may immediately suspend or terminate your Program Account and your participation in the Program, if you attempt to redeem any Reward more than once.Rewards - Digital Versions: Program Accounts with more than 2,500 Points on Sunday will have a digital Reward ("Digital Reward") issued and available for redemption on or about Monday. Redemption of Digital Rewards requires a Linked Ace Hardware Account and is not available to members who are residents of Puerto Rico or whose Assigned Participating Retailer is located in Puerto Rico. Digital Rewards may be redeemed on the Site or in the App; provided, however, that for orders that are paid solely with redeemed Rewards and that contain one or more items that will be shipped to your home or other designated address, you may redeem a maximum of $99.99 in Rewards per order. Digital Rewards may also be downloaded to your device or printed out for use at the Participating Retailer identified on the Digital Reward. In addition, Digital Rewards downloaded to your device or that you print out may be accepted by other Participating Retailers in their sole discretion. For guidance on redeeming Digital Rewards, please review Ace's
Customer Service policies. Rewards – Print Versions: Except as otherwise provided in these Program Terms, if a Digital Reward has not been redeemed by the end of the month following the month of issuance, Ace will mail a tangible print Reward ("Print Reward") to the mailing address associated with your Program Account if we have a valid mailing address for you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your Print Rewards will be mailed to your Assigned Participating Retailer (defined below) rather than directly to you if (i) requested by your Assigned Participating Retailer and we have no valid mailing address on file for you, regardless of the amount of the Print Reward; (ii) requested by your Assigned Participating Retailer and the value of the Print Rewards is $24.99 or more; or (iii) the value of the Print Rewards is $100 or more. If your Print Reward is mailed to your Assigned Participating Retailer, your Digital Reward will still be available for redemption (see the paragraph above on Digital Rewards redemption) unless you are a resident of Puerto Rico or your Assigned Participating Retailer is located in Puerto Rico. In addition, for Rewards issued after 4/1/23, Ace generally will not mail Print Rewards to you (or your Assigned Participating Retailer, as applicable) if you are an Active App User. For purposes of these Program Terms, "Active App User" means a Program member who has (a) downloaded the App, (b)
a Linked Ace Hardware Account, and (c) interacted with the App (other than deleting the App), during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the issuing of a Reward. Active App Users may opt to receive Print Rewards, on an ongoing basis, by contacting Customer Care at Customer Service. A Print Reward may be redeemed at the Participating Retailer identified on the Print Reward. In addition, Print Rewards may be accepted by other Participating Retailers in their sole discretion.Whether redeemed in-store, on the Site, or in the App, Rewards can be applied toward the purchase of eligible merchandise only. Eligible merchandise excludes: (i) services sold by Ace stores, including rentals, in-store services, and extended warranties; (ii) gift cards; (iii) city stickers, trash bags, and other licenses and permits; (iv) lumber and building materials; (v) liquor, tobacco, firearms, and fuel; (vi) payments on account, including house accounts; (vii) previously purchased merchandise; and (viii) taxes. Additional exclusions may apply and some Participating Retailers may permit redemption of Rewards on excluded items. See your Assigned Participating Retailer for details. In addition, Ace may, but is not obligated to, permit online redemption of Rewards on excluded items.Rewards are valid for a single transaction only. Subject to any limitations set forth in these Program Terms, you may combine more than one Reward towards an eligible purchase. Rewards may be used in conjunction with other offers unless prohibited by the terms of such other offers. If the value of the Reward(s) used is greater than the purchase price of eligible merchandise, before tax, no change will be given and the remaining balance of the Reward(s) will be forfeited. Photocopies, duplicates, and facsimiles of Print Rewards are not valid. Rewards are allocated pro rata across all eligible merchandise and will not be replaced if eligible merchandise is returned; provided, that if a Program member redeems a Reward toward an online order of eligible merchandise and the full order is cancelled prior to fulfillment, Ace will reissue to the Program member's Program Account Points equivalent to the value such Reward. Rewards can be used until their expiration date, unless sooner redeemed.8. Additional Program BenefitsAce, in its sole discretion, may offer additional benefits to Program members from time to time. These additional benefits may include:Instant Savings in-store, on the Site, and/or in the App.
Instant Savings are subject to product availability. Not all Participating Retailers offer all Instant Savings. See each Instant Savings offer for any specific terms, limitations, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates.Free delivery from store with qualifying online purchases of $50 or more.
Program members are eligible to receive free next day delivery on in-stock orders of merchandise with a subtotal (before Reward redemption and taxes) of $50 or more. Exclusions apply. See the product page on the Site or in the App to determine if a particular product is eligible for free delivery from store. Free delivery is not available in Puerto Rico. Free delivery is for the next business day and excludes same day delivery and ship to home. Not all Participating Retailers offer free delivery and delivery areas and delivery merchandise may be limited. See the Ace Customer Service Policy for Delivery from Store for additional limitations and details.
Offers and coupons exclusively for Program members.
From time to time, Ace may elect to make special offers, coupons, or promotions (collectively, "Member Offers") available to Program members. Member Offers may include, but are not limited to, bonus Point awards and discount coupons. Member Offers are made in Ace's sole discretion, may not be offered or awarded to all Program members, and are subject to the terms of the Member Offer. Ace may withdraw Member Offers at any time, with or without notice; provided, that Member Offers with a specified expiration date will, in the absence of error, fraud or other misconduct, remain valid through such expiration date. See each Member Offer for any specific terms, limitations, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates. Please see Section 9 below for additional information regarding certain Member Offers.Proof of Program membership may be required to take advantage of Program Benefits. PLEASE KEEP YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION, INCLUDING MAILING ADDRESS, EMAIL ADDRESS, AND BIRTH MONTH, CURRENT AND COMPLETE TO ENSURE YOU RECEIVE PROGRAM BENEFITS. ACE IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY PROGRAM BENEFITS YOU MAY MISS DUE TO INCOMPLETE OR INCORRECT PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION. 9. Ace Rewards Program Promotional Member Offers.From time-to-time, Ace may make Member Offers without a fixed expiration date. Ace may terminate such Member Offers at any time in its sole discretion, unless otherwise expressly provided in the terms applicable to such Member Offers. For more information on the terms of such Member Offers:For terms applicable to the Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Offer, please visit: https://www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=referral-termsPlease see the App for terms applicable to the Ace Mobile App Download Bonus Offer.10. Ace Rewards PremierAce Rewards Premier Eligibility and Expiration: Program members with a qualifying spend of $750 or more (excluding taxes and applied Rewards and discounts) on the Site, in the App, or at Participating Retailers in a rolling twelve (12) month period while an Ace Rewards Program member and for whom we have a valid mailing address are automatically eligible for Ace Rewards Premier status; provided that corporate/business Program members and Program members with store house accounts are ineligible for Ace Rewards Premier status. In order for purchases to count toward the qualifying spend, Program members must present their Rewards Card or number when making in-store purchases and be logged in to their Linked Ace Hardware Account when making purchases on the Site or in the App. Eligible Program members will be informed approximately one to two months following the end of the calendar quarter during which they became eligible for Ace Rewards Premier status. Information regarding eligibility for Ace Rewards Premier status is available by contacting Customer Service. Ace Rewards Premier status expires one (1) year from the end of the calendar quarter in which you qualify for Ace Rewards Premier status. Upon expiration of the one-year period, Program members may requalify for Ace Rewards Premier status for subsequent one-year terms if they continue to meet the Ace Rewards Premier eligibility criteria.Ace Rewards Premier Benefits: From time to time, Program members with Ace Rewards Premier status will be given exclusive offers and coupons (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier Coupons"). Ace Rewards Premier Coupons are redeemable at the Participating Retailer identified on the Ace Rewards Premier Coupon and may be accepted by other Participating Retailers, in their sole discretion. From time to time, Program members with Ace Rewards Premier status, who have a Linked Ace Hardware Account and who have downloaded the App will receive special offers and coupons in the App (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier App Extras"). Ace, in its sole discretion, determines the nature, amount, and frequency of Ace Rewards Premier Coupons and Ace Rewards Premier App Extras (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier Offers") which Ace may change from time to time with or without notice to you. Not all Ace Rewards Premier Offers may be made available to all Ace Rewards Premier members. See each Ace Rewards Premier Offer for any specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including expiration dates and redemption channels/locations.11. ExpirationPoints: Points do not expire and unused Points will remain in your Program Account until you reach the minimum number of Points needed to receive a Reward.Rewards: Rewards expire on the last day of the fourth month following the month in which they are issued and available for redemption on the Site or via the App. For example, if a Reward is processed and available for redemption in January, the Reward will expire on May 31. You can obtain information regarding Reward expiration dates through your Linked Ace Hardware Account. The expiration date will appear on the Reward and is the same for both Digital Rewards and Print Rewards.Member Offers: See the terms of each Member Offer for details regarding expiration.Ace Rewards Premier and Ace Rewards Premier Offers: Ace Rewards Premier status will expire as described in the Ace Rewards Premier section above. See the terms of each Ace Rewards Premier Offer for details regarding expiration. PROGRAM BENEFITS WILL ISSUE AND EXPIRE ACCORDING TO THESE PROGRAM TERMS. PLEASE KEEP YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT INFORMATION COMPLETE AND CURRENT TO ENSURE YOU RECEIVE PROGRAM BENEFITS.12. Additional Exclusions and LimitationsPoints, Rewards, Member Offers, Ace Rewards Premier Offers, and all other Program benefits (collectively, "Program Benefits) are subject to (i) the exclusions, conditions, and limitations specified in these Program Terms, (ii) availability, and (iii) the terms applicable to the particular Program Benefit. See each Program Benefit for any specific terms, limitations, restrictions, and/or exclusions, including redemption channels and expiration dates. Program Benefits are void where prohibited.Not all Program Benefits may be made available to all Program members. Participating Retailers may alter the Program and the Program Benefits at their discretion. Please consult your Assigned Participating Retailer for details. For assistance identifying your Assigned Participating Retailer, please see
Section 14.13. Value and TransferPoints, Rewards, Member Offers, Ace Rewards Premier Offers, and other Program Benefits: (i) have no cash value; (ii) cannot be exchanged for cash, in whole or in part; and (iii) have no value outside of the Program. At our discretion we may, but are not obligated to, replace unredeemed lost or stolen Print Rewards that have not expired. The accumulation of Points does not entitle you to any vested rights with respect to Points, Rewards, or any other Program Benefits.A member's Program membership, Program Account, Program Card, and Program Benefits are for the use of the named Program member only and cannot be sold, shared, assigned, bartered, or otherwise transferred; provided, that if a Member Offer or Ace Rewards Premier Offer is expressly transferable, members are permitted to transfer such offer in accordance with its terms. In the event of a divorce of a Program member, the named Program member retains all Program Benefits unless otherwise provided by a valid and final court order submitted to Ace. In the event of the death of a Program member, except as otherwise required by law, all Program Benefits remain non-transferable.14. Assigned Participating RetailerEvery Rewards member has a participating Ace retailer assigned to their Program Account ("Assigned Participating Retailer"). If you enroll in the Program on the Site or via the App without making a purchase, Ace will select your Assigned Participating Retailer based on the zip code associated with your Program Account. If you enroll in the Program on the Site or via the App and make a purchase, the Participating Retailer associated with the sale will be your Assigned Participating Retailer). If you enroll in the Program at a Participating Retailer, that Participating Retailer will be your Assigned Participating Retailer. From time to time Ace may change your Assigned Participating Retailer based on your shopping habits, store participation in the Program, or other factors. If your Assigned Participating Retailer ceases to participate in the Program, you will be assigned to the nearest Participating Retailer based on zip code unless you shop at another Participating Retailer in the interim. Ace may, but is not obligated to, send you a mail or email communication informing you of a change in your Assigned Participating Retailer. If you would like help identifying your Assigned Participating Retailer, please contact Customer Service. You may also contact Customer Service to request a change in your Assigned Participating Retailer, but any such change will be effective only for future Rewards and other Program Benefits and not Rewards or other Program Benefits that have already been processed.15. Program Accounts; Program Account Termination; Program CancellationYou are solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the information you supply in connection with your Program Account. Failure to keep your Program Account information current and complete may result in forfeiture or lapsing of Program Benefits. You may access and update your information and access your Program Account status, including Points accrued, by contacting Customer Service. You can also access and update some Program Account information online by logging into your Linked Ace Hardware Account on the Site. You may also update some Program Account information in the App. Please note that residents of Puerto Rico will not be able to manage Program Accounts via the Site or App.You may terminate your Program Account at any time by contacting Customer Service. Ace may suspend or terminate your Program Account and your participation in the Program and/or suspend or void any or all Program Benefits at any time, with or without notice to you and without liability or obligation to you, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that (i) you are ineligible for the Program; (ii) you have violated these Program Terms or the Terms of Use; (iii) you have provided false information to Ace, its affiliates, or its retailers; (iv) you have engaged in illegal or fraudulent conduct or conduct that is dangerous, deceptive, improper, or objectionable; or (v) it is advisable to protect the interests of Ace, our retailers, employees, customers, Program members, or any third party.In the event we cancel the Program, your Program Account will automatically terminate upon the effective date of Program cancellation.Upon termination of your Program Account for any reason, your membership in the Program terminates and all Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, are voided. 16. Errors and MisconductWe reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust, postpone, suspend, or void your Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, and/or to suspend, revoke, or cancel your Ace Rewards Premier status and/or Program Account at any time, with or without notice, in the event of actual or suspected (i) human or technical errors; (ii) technical disruptions; (iii) misconduct, fraud, or other activity that impairs the administration, security, integrity, or proper use of the Program, any Program Benefits, or any property of Ace or Participating Retailers. In addition, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust, suspend, postpone, or void your Program Benefits, including Points and Rewards, and/or to suspend, revoke or cancel your Ace Rewards Premier status and/or Program Account at any time, with or without notice, for any other reason we deem appropriate.17. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of LiabilityTO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PROGRAM AND ALL RELATED PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND PROGRAM BENEFITS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ACE, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS RETAILERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM THE PROGRAM OR YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAM OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, THIRD PARTY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ACE, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS RETAILERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (i) YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, (ii) YOUR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS RELATED TO THE PROGRAM, (iii) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT, PROGRAM CARD, OR PROGRAM BENEFITS, OR (iv) TERMINATION OF YOUR PROGRAM ACCOUNT OR CANCELLATION OF THE PROGRAM.CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.18. Arbitration Agreement; Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized ReliefThis section is deemed to be a "written agreement to arbitrate" pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and you and Ace each agree that this section is intended to satisfy the "writing" requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act. YOU AND ACE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE AT LAW OR EQUITY THAT HAS ARISEN OR MAY ARISE BETWEEN US IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND ACE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.You and Ace agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Ace in connection with the Program shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, including the prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief. The AAA's rules and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings are available on the AAA's website at: www.adr.org.The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or Ace may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone and/or video conference or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone and/or video conference, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.You and Ace agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Ace agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect other Program members. You and Ace further agree that in the event this Arbitration Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the prohibitions on class and representative actions and non-individualized relief set forth in this paragraph are severable and shall apply to any claim between you and Ace in any forum. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.19. CommunicationsProgram members may receive transactional and/or promotional communications from Ace by mail, email, and/or text message. If you have downloaded the App, you may also receive push notifications. Please review our Privacy Policy to learn more about communications from Ace and your choices regarding communications.20. MiscellaneousApplicable Law: The laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern the Program and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Ace.Taxes: Program members are solely responsible for any federal, state, or local taxes and/or government fees that may be imposed in connection with the Program.Waiver: No delay or failure by Ace to enforce any of these Program Terms shall be a waiver of any of our rights under these Program Terms.Severability: The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision(s) of these Program Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision of these Program Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Program Terms shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein.Construction: The headings used in these Program Terms are for convenience only, are not a part of this agreement, and do not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of these Program Terms. Any reference to the term "including" means "including, without limitation." All references to currency are stated in United States dollars.Survival: The provisions regarding disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, arbitration agreement; prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief, and these miscellaneous provisions shall survive termination of your Program Account or cancellation of the Program.21. Customer ServiceIf you have any questions regarding the Program or your Program Account, please contact Customer Service online at
https://www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=contact-us or by phone at 1-888-827-4223.Referral Terms Ace Rewards® Referral Friend Bonus Points OfferLast updated March 05, 2021Existing Program members who elect to participate in the Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Points Offer ("Referral Offer") in the App will be assigned a unique invitation code ("Invitation Code") to share with friends and family who are not already Ace Rewards members ("Non-members"). When Program members share their Invitation Code with an eligible Non-member and the eligible Non-member enrolls in the Program in the App while the Referral Offer is still open and active, the referring member will earn one thousand (1,000) Points ("Referral Bonus Points"), which will appear in the referring member’s Program Account within approximately one (1) business day following the Non-member’s enrollment. Ace Rewards Referral Friend Bonus Offer is valid for a maximum of 10 total friend referrals (a maximum of 10,000 Referral Bonus Points) per Ace Rewards account. Ace reserves the right to terminate the Referral Offer at any time, with or without advance notice. (Note: Removal of the Referral Offer from the App constitutes notice of the termination of the Referral Offer). Non-members must meet all Program eligibility requirements and must complete all Program enrollment requirements in the App using the Invitation Code provided by the referring member while the Referral Offer is active in order for the referring member to receive the Referral Bonus Points. If a Non-member (i) fails to provide the referring member’s Invitation Code at the time of enrollment in the Program in the App or (ii) enrolls in the Program on the Site or at a Participating Retailer, the referring member will not receive the Referral Bonus Points. Ace reserves the right to reject any Invitation Code or reject any Ace Rewards enrollment if it suspects, in its sole discretion, that a member or Non-member involved in the use of such Invitation Code or attempted enrollment (a) has engaged in conduct to subvert the purposes of the Referral Offer, (b) has engaged in fraudulent conduct to obtain Referral Bonus Points; or (c) has violated any Referral Offer terms or the Ace Rewards Terms and Conditions ("Program Terms"). The Referral Offer is subject to the Program Terms. Void where prohibited. By participating in the Referral Offer, you agree to the Program Terms, which are expressly incorporated herein. The Program Terms are available for review at: https://www.acehardware.com/rewards-terms, and are subject to change.Order Information Order InformationTrack Your OrderClick here to track your order > Track Your OrderWhen can you track your order?
At our warehouse, tracking numbers are assigned to packages almost immediately and will appear in your order history page. It may take up to 48 hours or longer before the tracking # is visible on the Order History page. This is because even though your package has already shipped from our warehouse and is on its way to you, the carrier may not be able to provide any information about your package for up to 48 hours or more.
Orders placed on acehardware.com may be delivered by one of several different carriers and shipping methods. Therefore, tracking availability may vary depending on the type of item you purchased, the shipping method you selected during checkout, and the carrier that is delivering your item(s).
Occasionally, orders are delivered via a carrier that does not offer the ability to track a package.
Finding Your Order Status:
The status of your order is easy to find.
Check your e-mail. You were required to enter an e-mail address during Checkout; you will receive e-mails keeping you up-to-date about the status of your order.Visit the website. Sign in for your Order History at acehardware.com 24 hours a day. You may view information about your most recent orders (including tracking information) as well as past orders. If you checked out as a guest, please refer to your confirmation email for the package tracking number.* Please note: Order information may not appear in your order history on acehardware.com for up to 1 hour.If you still have questions about your order, please contact Customer Care at carecenter@acehardware.com.CancellationsOccasionally, orders or parts of an order are cancelled by our system for various reasons. Some reasons are:
Item(s) not available.Difficulty in processing your payment information.Cannot ship to the address provided.If your order is cancelled, you will receive an e-mail notifying you of the cancellation. You will not be billed for any cancelled items.There may be times when you wish to cancel the order you have placed (after you have clicked "Place Order", your order begins to process).If you wish to cancel your order, you can do so from either your "Order History" page, under My Account (if you are logged into the acehardware.com website), or through the Track Your Order page. Since our system is designed to fill orders and get them on their way as quickly as possible, you may not be able to cancel your Ship-to-Home order before it has been shipped your way. If you receive your order, simply return any items you do not want by following our Return Instructions and returning to your local store. You can find your local store on the Store LocatorDamaged OrdersWhen you pick up your order, or when it is delivered (through Deliver from Store or Ship to Home), you should immediately inspect your order. Carefully inspect the packaging as well as the contents of the package. It is normal for the package to show some wear; however, if damage did occur to the product, please contact the store where your order was picked up or made the delivery or contact Customer Care immediately by calling at 888-827-4223. Please have your order number available when you call.For more information regarding Ship to Home, click here.For more information regarding Delivery from Store, click here.For more information regarding Store Pickup, click here.Assembly InformationAssembly is available on select items such as grills, patio furniture and snow throwers on acehardware.com. Applicable assembly fee will be shown on product page and in cart.
Here’s how Assembly works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Acehardware.com customers can select assembly on the product page or in cart if the item is eligible. Assembly is not eligible on Ship to Home orders.Assembly is not available for same day or next day delivery.You will be notified via email that your assembly order is ready for pickup or ready for delivery.Your local Ace store may charge a re-stocking fee of 15%, minimum of $20, for an item that has been assembled and returned.Assembled items should be returned to the same local Ace store from which it was picked up or delivered from.A handling fee may be charged on select items at limited number of Ace Hardware retail locations. Handling fees will be charged on top of the order subtotal and delivery fees. This fee covers the cost of expenses related to fulfillment, such as packing/materials costs, item management for high weight/length/width or fragile items, and additional services related to order fulfillment.
Emails About My OrderAfter you place your order, you will receive e-mails about your order. Below are examples of e-mails you might receive:Order Received Email: This e-mail confirms that we have received your order. It includes your order number. Keep this e-mail for your records.Order is Ready Email: This e-mail confirms that your order or part of your order is ready for pickup or delivery. You may receive multiple e-mails depending on the items you selected, or if you ordered multiple items with different delivery/pickup methods. The "ready" time of your order depends on the delivery/pickup method selected, item selected, and your delivery/pickup location.Order has Shipped Email: This e-mail confirms that your order or part of your order has shipped. You may receive multiple e-mails depending on the items you selected. The shipped time of your order depends on the shipping method selected, item selected, and your shipping location. For Ship to Home orders, you will find your package tracking number on this email.Order Update Email: On occasion, an order is placed for Free Store Pickup or Deliver from Store, however inventory is sold out as the order is placed. As a courtesy, we order the item to be shipped to your store from our closest warehouse. Look for your Order Ready Email as your items become ready for Free Store Pickup or Deliver from Store.Order Cancellation Email: On occasion, you may receive this e-mail for the following reasons; item(s) not available, difficulty in processing your payment information, or cannot ship to the address provided. Please call Customer Care at 888-827-4223 with any questions.Return Summary Email: You will receive this confirmation email after a return (initiated by you) is processed for items in your order. This email will include details about the items returned and the dollar amount refunded.Haul AwayHaul Away is Ace’s service for removing grills for acehardware.com customers and it’s available at participating stores.This is how Haul Away works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Select a grill from a store where Delivery from Store is available.If Haul Away is available, you will see it as an option on the product description page.Check the box for Haul Away and select Delivery from Store as the fulfillment method.Haul Away may not be offered at every store that offers grill delivery.Haul Away item qualifications:
Grills with a max size dimension of 58L X 51W X 28W and weight of 250lbs.Before your scheduled Haul Away time, please be sure the following is prepared.Remove Fuel Sources.Disconnect from your natural gas line and/or remove the propane tank.If your Haul Away Grill is a charcoal or pellet grill, please remove fuel waste.We cannot Haul Away your old propane tank.We must be able to remove your products without disassembling them or taking them apart.Prepare the grill items to be hauled way for pickup at the first threshold (front door/garage etc.).If your local store cannot fulfill your Haul Away request, you will receive a refund of the Haul Away fee.Please note that once we haul away your products, they can’t be returned.Track Your Order Track Your OrderClick here to track your order > Track Your OrderWhen can you track your order?
At our warehouse, tracking numbers are assigned to packages almost immediately and will appear in your Order History page. It may take up to 48 hours or longer before the tracking # is visible on the Order History page. This is because even though your package has already shipped from our warehouse and is on its way to you, the carrier may not be able to provide any information about your package for up to 48 hours or more.
Orders placed on acehardware.com may be delivered by one of several different carriers and shipping methods. Therefore, tracking availability may vary depending on the type of item you purchased, the shipping method you selected during checkout, and the carrier that is delivering your item(s).
Occasionally, orders are delivered via a carrier that does not offer the ability to track a package.
Finding Your Order Status:
The status of your order is easy to find.
Check your email. You were required to enter an email address during Checkout; you will receive emails keeping you up-to-date about the status of your order.Visit the website. Sign in for your Order History at acehardware.com 24 hours a day. You may view information about your most recent orders (including tracking information) as well as past orders. If you checked out as a guest, please refer to your confirmation email for the package tracking number.* Please note: Order information may not appear in your Order History on acehardware.com for up to 1 hour.
If you still have questions about your order, please contact Customer Care at carecenter@acehardware.com.Cancellations CancellationsOccasionally, orders or parts of an order are canceled by our system for various reasons. Some reasons are:
Item(s) not available.Difficulty in processing your payment information.Cannot ship to the address provided.If your order is canceled, you will receive an email notifying you of the cancellation. You will not be billed for any canceled items.There may be times when you wish to cancel the order you have placed (after you have clicked "Place Order", your order begins to process).If you wish to cancel your order, you can do so from either your "Order History" page, under My Account (if you are logged into the acehardware.com website), or through the Track Your Order page. Since our system is designed to fill orders and get them on their way as quickly as possible, you may not be able to cancel your Ship-to-Home order before it has been shipped your way. If you receive your order, simply return any items you do not want by following our Return Instructions and returning to your local store. You can find your local store on the Store Locator.Damaged Orders Damaged OrdersWhen you pick up your order, or when it is delivered (through Deliver from Store or Ship to Home), you should immediately inspect your order. Carefully inspect the packaging as well as the contents of the package. It is normal for the package to show some wear; however, if damage did occur to the product, please contact the store where your order was picked up or made the delivery, or contact Customer Care immediately by calling at 888-827-4223. Please have your order number available when you call.For more information regarding Ship to Home, click here.For more information regarding Delivery from Store, click here.For more information regarding Store Pickup, click here.Assembly Information Assembly InformationAssembly is available on select items such as grills, patio furniture and snow throwers on acehardware.com. Applicable assembly fee will be shown on product page and in cart.
Here’s how Assembly works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Acehardware.com customers can select assembly on the product page or in cart if the item is eligible. Assembly is not eligible on Ship to Home orders.Assembly is not available for same day or next day delivery.You will be notified via email that your assembly order is ready for pickup or ready for delivery.Your local Ace store may charge a re-stocking fee of 15%, minimum of $20, for an item that has been assembled and returned.Assembled items should be returned to the same local Ace store from which it was picked up or delivered from.A handling fee may be charged on select items at limited number of Ace Hardware retail locations. Handling fees will be charged on top of the order subtotal and delivery fees. This fee covers the cost of expenses related to fulfillment, such as packing/materials costs, item management for high weight/length/width or fragile items, and additional services related to order fulfillment.
Emails About Your Order Emails About My OrderAfter you place your order, you will receive emails about your order. Below are examples of emails you might receive:Order Received Email: This email confirms that we have received your order. It includes your order number. Keep this email for your records.Order is Ready Email: This email confirms that your order or part of your order is ready for pickup or delivery. You may receive multiple emails depending on the items you selected, or if you ordered multiple items with different delivery/pickup methods. The "ready" time of your order depends on the delivery/pickup method selected, item selected, and your delivery/pickup location.Order has Shipped Email: This email confirms that your order or part of your order has shipped. You may receive multiple emails depending on the items you selected. The shipped time of your order depends on the shipping method selected, item selected, and your shipping location. For Ship to Home orders, you will find your package tracking number on this email.Order Update Email: On occasion, an order is placed for Free Store Pickup or Deliver from Store, however inventory is sold out as the order is placed. As a courtesy, we order the item to be shipped to your store from our closest warehouse. Look for your Order Ready Email as your items become ready for Free Store Pickup or Deliver from Store.Order Cancellation Email: On occasion, you may receive this email for the following reasons; item(s) not available, difficulty in processing your payment information, or cannot ship to the address provided. Please call Customer Care at 888-827-4223 with any questions.Return Summary Email: You will receive this confirmation email after a return (initiated by you) is processed for items in your order. This email will include details about the items returned and the dollar amount refunded.Haul Away Haul AwayHaul Away is Ace’s service for removing grills for acehardware.com customers and it’s available at participating stores.This is how Haul Away works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Select a grill from a store where Delivery from Store is available.If Haul Away is available, you will see it as an option on the product description page.Check the box for Haul Away and select Delivery from Store as the fulfillment method.Haul Away may not be offered at every store that offers grill delivery.Haul Away item qualifications:
Grills with a max size dimension of 58L X 51W X 28W and weight of 250lbs.Before your scheduled Haul Away time, please be sure the following is prepared.Remove Fuel Sources.Disconnect from your natural gas line and/or remove the propane tank.If your Haul Away Grill is a charcoal or pellet grill, please remove fuel waste.We cannot Haul Away your old propane tank.We must be able to remove your products without disassembling them or taking them apart.Prepare the grill items to be hauled way for pickup at the first threshold (front door/garage etc.).If your local store cannot fulfill your Haul Away request, you will receive a refund of the Haul Away fee.Please note that once we haul away your products, they can’t be returned.Easy Returns Easy Returns30 Day Return PolicyWhere to Return:We recommend that you make returns of online purchases to an Ace retail store near you that can issue you a
refund (less applicable shipping, handling and other charges). If you do not have an Ace retail store near you
or if you need alternative return instructions, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.Funds Returned:If you do not return the item to an Ace retail store near you, the cost of shipping the item back to Ace will be paid by you, unless you received the incorrect item, or the item you received was damaged or defective. You will receive a refund of the purchase price (less shipping charges). Additional services such as assembly/delivery fees may not be refunded once these services have been rendered by your local Ace store. Your refund will be issued in the original form of payment. If Ace Rewards were used to pay for your purchase, the Reward value or coupon amount is forfeited upon return of the product. If the original form of payment is not available, we will credit via gift card. We reserve the right to refuse returns under suspected abuse or fraud.
It may take three to five business days to issue your refund. Once we issue your refund, it may take additional time for your funds to be made available in your account by your financial institution.Buy One Get Another (BOGA) Returns:Please note that all BOGA merchandise returns are subject to, and must otherwise qualify for return and refund under, the terms of this Return Policy. For qualifying returns:
If your transaction receipt does not identify a return value for each BOGA item, you must return all items you purchased or otherwise received in connection with a BOGA offer in order to receive a refund. Your refund will be the purchase price you paid for such items. Partial returns of BOGA items will not be refunded.If your transaction receipt identifies a return value for each BOGA item, you may make a partial return. Your refund will be the return value, as identified on the transaction receipt, of the item(s) you return.How to Return:You may return most items within 30 days from the original purchase date as long as the item is unused, in
like-new condition, and in the original packaging. In each case, you must provide all paperwork, including
product instructions or information and your packing slip/receipt, and any parts and accessories. You should
also bring a valid photo ID. If it is 30 days or more from your original purchase date, please contact the
manufacturer directly.Return Exceptions:30 Day Return Policy does not include Gift Cards or Fuel-Powered Equipment. If you return merchandise that
was purchased in whole or in part with one or more Rewards, the Reward(s) will be forfeited.Gift Cards cannot be returned for any reason.Fuel-Powered Equipment (such as grills, tillers, edgers, mowers, string trimmers, blowers, tractors, generators, chainsaws, snow blowers, as well as all other fuel powered equipment) may be returned within 30 days of the date of purchase, with original receipt, provided that it is unused, in like-new condition and in its original packaging. Fuel-Powered Equipment cannot be returned once fuel or oil has been put in it, even if the equipment has been drained of these materials. If you put fuel or oil in the equipment you will need to contact the manufacturer regarding any product issues. The manufacturer will handle your claim in accordance with the manufacturer's policies. Authorized service center information can be found in the owner's manual or contact Customer Service at 1-888-827-4223 to obtain location information for service centers. Note that appropriate maintenance and use of your equipment is required to ensure manufacturer's specified warranty is not voided.Clearance items are final sale.Hazardous materials and products that use hazardous materials, such as flammable liquids or gasses may only
be returned to your local Ace store.We reserve the right to limit paint returns at our discretion in the event of suspected fraud or abuse.If you wish to return a Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized Item:Tinted liquid interior or exterior paint is a Customized Item.Tinted paint orders placed on acehardware.com are final and cannot be returned, refunded, or exchanged for a
new color. On-screen and printer color representations may vary from actual paint colors, and Ace cannot
honor returns or exchanges for digitally misinterpreted colors.Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized items should be returned to the same local Ace store from which it
was delivered, assembled and/or customized.Your local Ace store may charge a re-stocking fee of 15%, minimum of $20, for an item that has been
assembled and returned but is not damaged or defective.If you received the proper item that was not damaged or defective, you may be charged a $15 pickup fee. You
will not be reimbursed for the original delivery fee, if applicable.If you wish to return a Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized Item that Ace incorrectly fulfilled (for
example, the wrong color, model or item), or if the item is damaged or defective, return the item(s) to the
same store from which it was delivered, assembled and/or customized.If you wish to return a STIHL product: STIHL products MUST be returned to the original store purchased/picked up from. Stores that do not carry STIHL branded products will not be able to accept returns on these items. If you wish to return a Hanover Outdoor Product: Issues with Hanover Outdoor products (including broken or
missing parts) can be resolved quickly and easily by reaching out to our customer service department. Returns on
Hanover Outdoor products are accepted for 30-days from date of receipt; PLEASE DO NOT RETURN TO AN ACE HARDWARE
STORE. If you are in need of assistance, please contact us at 877-397-5144 or contactus@hanoverproducts.com.Return InstructionsWhere to Return:
We recommend that you make returns of online purchases to an Ace retail store near you that can issue you a refund (less applicable shipping, handling and other charges). If you do not have an Ace retail store near you or if you need alternative return instructions, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223
How to Return:
You may return most items within 30 days from the original purchase date as long as the item is unused, in like-new condition, and in the original packaging.
In each case, you must provide all paperwork, including product instructions or information and your packing slip/receipt, and any parts and accessories. You should also bring a valid photo ID. If it is
30 days from your original purchase date, please contact the manufacturer directly.
Return CreditFunds Returned:
If you do not return the item to an Ace retail store near you, the cost of shipping the item back to Ace will be paid by you, unless you received the incorrect item, or the item you received was damaged or defective. You will receive a refund of the purchase price and your delivery and/or assembly fee, as applicable. Your refund will be issued in the original form of payment.
If Ace Rewards were used to pay for your purchase, the Reward value or coupon amount is forfeited upon return of the product. We reserve the right to accept returns unless suspected fraud or abuse.
30 Day Return Policy 30 Day Return PolicyWhere to Return:We recommend that you make returns of online purchases to an Ace retail store near you that can issue you a
refund (less applicable shipping, handling and other charges). If you do not have an Ace retail store near you
or if you need alternative return instructions, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.Funds Returned:If you do not return the item to an Ace retail store near you, the cost of shipping the item back to Ace will be paid by you, unless you received the incorrect item, or the item you received was damaged or defective. You will receive a refund of the purchase price (less shipping charges). Additional services such as assembly/delivery fees may not be refunded once these services have been rendered by your local Ace store. Your refund will be issued in the original form of payment. If Ace Rewards were used to pay for your purchase, the Reward value or coupon amount is forfeited upon return of the product. If the original form of payment is not available, we will credit via gift card. We reserve the right to refuse returns under suspected abuse or fraud.
It may take three to five business days to issue your refund. Once we issue your refund, it may take additional time for your funds to be made available in your account by your financial institution.Buy One Get Another (BOGA) Returns:Please note that all BOGA merchandise returns are subject to, and must otherwise qualify for return and refund under, the terms of this Return Policy. For qualifying returns:
If your transaction receipt does not identify a return value for each BOGA item, you must return all items you purchased or otherwise received in connection with a BOGA offer in order to receive a refund. Your refund will be the purchase price you paid for such items. Partial returns of BOGA items will not be refunded.If your transaction receipt identifies a return value for each BOGA item, you may make a partial return. Your refund will be the return value, as identified on the transaction receipt, of the item(s) you return.How to Return:You may return most items within 30 days from the original purchase date as long as the item is unused, in
like-new condition, and in the original packaging. In each case, you must provide all paperwork, including
product instructions or information and your packing slip/receipt, and any parts and accessories. You should
also bring a valid photo ID. If it is 30 days or more from your original purchase date, please contact the
manufacturer directly.Return Exceptions:30 Day Return Policy does not include Gift Cards or Fuel-Powered Equipment. If you return merchandise that
was purchased in whole or in part with one or more Rewards, the Reward(s) will be forfeited.Gift Cards cannot be returned for any reason.Fuel-Powered Equipment (such as grills, tillers, edgers, mowers, string trimmers, blowers, tractors, generators, chainsaws, snow blowers, as well as all other gas powered equipment) may be returned within 30 days of the date of purchase, with original receipt, provided that it is unused, in like-new condition and in its original packaging. Fuel-Powered Equipment cannot be returned once fuel or oil has been put in it, even if the equipment has been drained of these materials. If you put fuel or oil in the equipment you will need to contact the manufacturer regarding any product issues. The manufacturer will handle your claim in accordance with the manufacturer's policies. Authorized service center information can be found in the owner's manual or contact Customer Service at 1-888-827-4223 to obtain location information for service centers. Note that appropriate maintenance and use of your equipment is required to ensure manufacturer's specified warranty is not voided.Clearance items are final sale.Hazardous materials and products that use hazardous materials, such as flammable liquids or gasses may only
be returned to your local Ace store.We reserve the right to limit paint returns at our discretion in the event of suspected fraud or abuse.If you wish to return a Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized Item:Tinted liquid interior or exterior paint is a Customized Item.Tinted paint orders placed on acehardware.com are final and cannot be returned, refunded, or exchanged for a
new color. On-screen and printer color representations may vary from actual paint colors, and Ace cannot
honor returns or exchanges for digitally misinterpreted colors.Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized items should be returned to the same local Ace store from which it
was delivered, assembled and/or customized.Your local Ace store may charge a re-stocking fee of 15%, minimum of $20, for an item that has been
assembled and returned but is not damaged or defective.If you received the proper item that was not damaged or defective, you may be charged a $15 pickup fee. You
will not be reimbursed for the original delivery fee, if applicable.If you wish to return a Delivered, Assembled and/or Customized Item that Ace incorrectly fulfilled (for
example, the wrong color, model or item), or if the item is damaged or defective, return the item(s) to the
same store from which it was delivered, assembled and/or customized.If you wish to return a STIHL product: STIHL products MUST be returned to the original store purchased/picked up from. Stores that do not carry STIHL branded products will not be able to accept returns on these items. If you wish to return a Hanover Outdoor Product: Issues with Hanover Outdoor products (including broken or
missing parts) can be resolved quickly and easily by reaching out to our customer service department. Returns on
Hanover Outdoor products are accepted for 30-days from date of receipt; PLEASE DO NOT RETURN TO AN ACE HARDWARE
STORE. If you are in need of assistance, please contact us at 877-397-5144 or contactus@hanoverproducts.com.Return Instructions Return InstructionsWhere to Return:
We recommend that you make returns of online purchases to an Ace retail store near you that can issue you a refund (less applicable shipping, handling and other charges). If you do not have an Ace retail store near you or if you need alternative return instructions, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.
How to Return:
You may return most items within 30 days from the original purchase date as long as the item is unused, in like-new condition, and in the original packaging.
In each case, you must provide all paperwork, including product instructions or information and your packing slip/receipt, and any parts and accessories. You should also bring a valid photo ID. If it is 30 days or more from your original purchase date, please contact the manufacturer directly.
Return Credit Return CreditFunds Returned:
If you do not return the item to an Ace retail store near you, the cost of shipping the item back to Ace will be paid by you, unless you received the incorrect item, or the item you received was damaged or defective. You will receive a refund of the purchase price (less shipping charges). Additional services such as assembly/delivery fees may not be refunded once these services have been rendered by your local Ace store. Your refund will be issued in the original form of payment. If Ace Rewards were used to pay for your purchase, the Reward value or coupon amount is forfeited upon return of the product. If the original form of payment is not available, we will credit via gift card. We reserve the right to refuse returns under suspected abuse or fraud.
It may take three to five business days to issue your refund. Once we issue your refund, it may take additional time for your funds to be made available in your account by your financial institution.
Payments & Pricing Payments & PricingDiscounts & CodesSteps for redeeming a Promotion or Coupon Code:
Within the cart, enter the code exactly as it appears, in the box titled "Promotion or Coupon Code" at the bottom left of the screen.Codes are case sensitive.Click "Apply."If your discount qualifies, it will be displayed in the cart or in the payment summary. Only one Promotional Discount code per order will be accepted.
Payment OptionsCredit/Debit cards accepted:
VisaMasterCardAmerican ExpressDiscover CardOther forms of payment:
PaypalPay In 4 with PaypalPayPal Pay MonthlyAce Gift CardWe do not accept:
CODsLayaway plan* Important information about payment:
All payment forms are charged at time of order. For your security, your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria. If the original form of payment is not available, we will credit via gift card.
Sales TaxAcehardware.com is a division of Ace Hardware Corporation. Ace Hardware Corporation is registered to collect tax in all states currently imposing sales and use tax and is required to assess and remit the tax based on the rules of the state wherein you have directed us to ship the product being purchased.
Customers claiming exemptions from the sales or use tax should contact the Ace Customer Care to coordinate the submission of required exemption documentation and a refund of any taxes collected on exempt transactions.
Redeeming RewardsTo redeem your reward, you must first create an online account and link your existing Ace Rewards number to that account. If you are not already an Ace Rewards member, you can join after you create your acehardware.com account here.
You will earn 10 points for every $1 spent on acehardware.com or at a participating Ace Hardware location. At the end of any calendar month, you will earn a $5 reward for every 2,500 points you have in your account. Any remaining points will remain in your account and carry over to the next month. These rewards will present on your checkout page of acehardware.com and will have a hard copy mailed to the address associated with your account.
Ace Rewards are redeemed in the cart and savings will be shown under the Merchandise Subtotal. Customers may select as many or as little applicable rewards.
Reward valid for one transaction only. Cannot be redeemed for rental, in-store services, Ace gift cards, city stickers and trash bags, lumber and building materials, liquor, tobacco, firearms, fuel, payment on an account, or previously purchased merchandise. Transaction must be greater than or equal to Reward value before tax. If your purchase total is less than the total selected Rewards value, the remaining Rewards amount is forfeited. No cash back. Reward may not be sold or transferred. Void if photocopied or duplicated. No cash value. Coupon cannot be replaced if merchandise is returned.
* Additional exclusions may apply.
Exclusions
Coupons may not be sold or transferred, have no cash value, cannot be applied to previously purchased merchandise, and cannot be replaced if merchandise is returned. Printed coupons are void if photocopied or duplicated.
Gift Cards:
Gift cards purchases are not eligible for promotions or other coupon offers.
Excluded Merchandise:
Certain product categories and brands are not eligible for promotional discounts or coupons. Some brands have pricing policies that restrict the prices that Ace may sell or advertise their products. The following is a list of brands and categories that are generally excluded from promotions, discounts or coupons. This list may not be exhaustive and may change from time to time. If you have questions, please contact the Customer Care Center.
Excluded Categories:Air CompressorsAngle GrindersAttic LadderBelt SandersBench and Stationary SawsBench GrindersCircular SawsCombo Power Tool SetsCorded DrillsCordless DrillsCordless Tool Battery PacksElectric HammersGarage Door OpenersGarbage DisposalsGas TubingImpact DriversImpact WrenchesJacketsJig SawsLadder AccessoriesLawn and Leaf BagsMetal DetectorsMiter SawsNailers & StaplersOrbital SandersOscillating ToolsPlaners and JoinersPower NailersPower ShearsPush MowersReciprocating SawsRiding MowersRotary ToolsRoutersSeatingSkylightsSnow BlowersStorage BagsTable SawsTables and DesksTool Battery ChargersTool BoxesWood and Pellet StovesWood ChippersWood PelletsWood SplittersWork LightsExcluded Brands:AMMEXBenjamin MooreBig Green EggBlackstoneBlue BuffaloBroil KingCustom LeatherCraftDysonEGOENO®ForneyGrillGrate®HanoverInSinkEratorKamado Joe®Kick Ash BasketLeathermanMagnolia Home by Joanna GainesMOD FurnitureNestPit Barrel Cooker Co.PK GrillsRingSTIHL®TORO®Traeger®WeberYETI®ZoellerFor questions regarding payments or pricing of personalized products, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions on the Personalize It With Ace Powered by Lapine microsite.Discounts & Codes Discounts & CodesSteps for redeeming a Promotion or Coupon Code:
Within the cart, enter the code exactly as it appears, in the box titled "Promotion or Coupon Code" at the bottom left of the screen.Codes are case sensitive.Click "Apply."If your discount qualifies, it will be displayed in the cart or in the payment summary. Only one Promotional Discount code per order will be accepted.
Payment Options Payment OptionsCredit/Debit cards accepted:
VisaMasterCardAmerican ExpressDiscover CardOther forms of payment:
PaypalPay In 4 with PaypalPaypal Pay MonthlyAce Gift CardWe do not accept:
CODsLayaway plan* Important information about payment:
All payment forms are charged at time of order. For your security, your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria. If the original form of payment is not available, we will credit via gift card.
Sales Tax Sales TaxAcehardware.com is a division of Ace Hardware Corporation. Ace Hardware Corporation is registered to collect tax in all states currently imposing sales and use tax and is required to assess and remit the tax based on the rules of the state wherein you have directed us to ship the product being purchased.
Customers claiming exemptions from the sales or use tax should contact the Ace Customer Care to coordinate the submission of required exemption documentation and a refund of any taxes collected on exempt transactions.
Redeeming Rewards Redeeming RewardsTo redeem your reward, you must first create an online account and link your existing Ace Rewards number to that account. If you are not already an Ace Rewards member, you can join after you create your acehardware.com account here.
You will earn 10 points for every $1 spent on acehardware.com or at a participating Ace Hardware location. At the end of any calendar month, you will earn a $5 reward for every 2,500 points you have in your account. Any remaining points will remain in your account and carry over to the next month. These rewards will present on your checkout page of acehardware.com and will have a hard copy mailed to the address associated with your account.
Ace Rewards are redeemed in the cart and savings will be shown under the Merchandise Subtotal. Customers may select as many or as little applicable Rewards.
Rewards are valid for one transaction only. Cannot be redeemed for rental, in-store services, Ace gift cards, city stickers and trash bags, lumber and building materials, liquor, tobacco, firearms, fuel, payment on an account, or previously purchased merchandise. Transaction must be greater than or equal to Rewards value before tax. If your purchase total is less than the total selected Rewards value, the remaining Rewards amount is forfeited. No cash back. If you return merchandise that was purchased in whole or in part with one or more Rewards, the Reward(s) will be forfeited. Rewards may not be sold or transferred. Void if photocopied or duplicated. No cash value. Coupon cannot be replaced if merchandise is returned.
* Additional exclusions may apply.
Exclusions Exclusions
Coupons may not be sold or transferred, have no cash value, cannot be applied to previously purchased merchandise, and cannot be replaced if merchandise is returned. Printed coupons are void if photocopied or duplicated.
Gift Cards:
Gift cards purchases are not eligible for promotions or other coupon offers.
Excluded Merchandise:
Certain product categories and brands are not eligible for promotional discounts or coupons. Some brands have pricing policies that restrict the prices that Ace may sell or advertise their products. The following is a list of brands and categories that are generally excluded from promotions, discounts or coupons. This list may not be exhaustive and may change from time to time. If you have questions, please contact the Customer Care Center.
Excluded Categories:Air CompressorsAngle GrindersAttic LadderBelt SandersBench and Stationary SawsBench GrindersCircular SawsCombo Power Tool SetsCorded DrillsCordless DrillsCordless Tool Battery PacksElectric HammersGarage Door OpenersGarbage DisposalsGas TubingImpact DriversImpact WrenchesJacketsJig SawsLadder AccessoriesLawn and Leaf BagsMetal DetectorsMiter SawsNailers & StaplersOrbital SandersOscillating ToolsPlaners and JoinersPower NailersPower ShearsPush MowersReciprocating SawsRiding MowersRotary ToolsRoutersSeatingSkylightsSnow BlowersStorage BagsTable SawsTables and DesksTool Battery ChargersTool BoxesWood and Pellet StovesWood ChippersWood PelletsWood SplittersWork LightsExcluded Brands:AMMEXBenjamin MooreBig Green EggBlackstoneBlue BuffaloBreeo®Broil KingCustom LeatherCraftDysonEGOENO®Flame BossForneyGozneyGrillGrate®HanoverInSinkEratorKamado Joe®Kick Ash BasketLeathermanLocally SourcedMagnolia Home by Joanna GainesMOD FurnitureNestOoniPit Barrel Cooker Co.PK GrillsRingSTIHL®TORO®Traeger®WeberYETI®ZoellerGift Cards Ace Card Terms and Conditions
Last Updated:
4/13/20
These Ace Card Terms and Conditions ("Card Terms") govern your use of Ace gift cards, including tangible gift cards, eGift cards, merchandise return cards, and promotional cards (collectively, "Cards"), which are issued by Ace Incentives, Inc. ("Ace Incentives" or "we" or "us").
These Card Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Ace Incentives. IMPORTANT: THESE CARD TERMS AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS AND INCLUDE A BINDING CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION CLAUSE, A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, AND A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. BY PURCHASING, USING, OR ACCEPTING A CARD, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE CARD TERMS. If you do not agree with these Card Terms, do not purchase, use, or accept a Card.
Redemption. Cards are redeemable only for purchases at participating Ace Hardware locations in the United States or online at www.acehardware.com. For online purchases, (i) a maximum of three (3) gift cards may be redeemed per order and (ii) the total value of gift cards redeemed cannot exceed $250 per order. To find a participating Ace Hardware location, please call Customer Care toll free at 1-888-827-4223. Cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards or pay Ace Hardware accounts. Cards have no value until purchased (or otherwise properly issued with respect to merchandise return cards and promotional cards) and activated. Each time a Card is used, the purchase amount will be debited against the Card's available balance.
Reloads. Tangible gift Cards without a fixed face value purchased from participating Ace Hardware locations can be reloaded with additional value. Other Cards, including tangible gift cards purchased online or from third-party retailers, Cards with a fixed face values, egift cards, merchandise return cards and promotional cards cannot be reloaded. You may add value to a reloadable Card at participating Ace Hardware locations, subject to the maximum purchase limitations described in Section 8 below or the maximum face value of the card, if any, whichever is less.
Balance Inquiries. You can check your Card balance by calling Customer Care toll free at 1-888-827-4223 or online at www.acehardware.com/balanceinquiry.
No Refunds or Returns. Except as required by law, Cards are non-refundable and cannot be returned or redeemed for cash. Unused Cards purchased from third-party retailers are subject to the gift card return policies of such retailers.
Lost or Stolen Cards. Contact Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223 immediately if your Card has been lost or stolen. Lost or stolen Cards will be replaced for the remaining Card value per Ace Incentives' records only if you present the Card number and proof of purchase (of the original purchase or most recent reload, as applicable) satisfactory to Ace Incentives.
Expiration and Escheat.
Except as otherwise provided in these Card Terms, Cards do not expire. The underlying funds on tangible Cards issued prior to August 8, 2019 do not expire, but the tangible Card may expire. Upon expiration of the tangible Card, you may have the remaining available balance of the Card transferred to a new Card only if you present the Card number and proof of purchase satisfactory to Ace Incentives. Please call Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223 for assistance.
Ace Incentives may be required to remit the cash value of a Card's unused balance to a state agency pursuant to the state's abandoned property or escheat laws. If we have remitted the unused balance of your Card to such a state, the Card will have a zero balance in our records and you will no longer be able to redeem the Card; however, you may be able to file a claim to reclaim your escheated property. Please contact your state's unclaimed property department for guidance.
Fees. Ace Incentives does not charge inactivity fees or service fees.
Maximum Purchase. Unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Ace Incentives for the bulk purchase of Cards, you agree that (i) you shall not purchase or otherwise obtain more than $10,000 in total Card value in any one day and (ii) you shall not load or reload any individual Card with a value of more than $250 in any one day.
Resale. Resale of Cards to third parties for cash or other consideration is prohibited, although you may transfer a Card to a third party as a gift. If you wish to sell or distribute Cards, please visit our Corporate Bulk Card website for more information.
Promotional Cards. "Promotional Cards" are Cards that are provided for no cash consideration in connection with contests, sweepstakes, giveaways, and other promotions. Promotional Cards may expire. See each Promotional Card for any specific terms, restrictions, or exclusions, including expiration dates.
Deactivation; Suspension. Ace Incentives reserves the right to deactivate, suspend, or refuse to honor any Card in the event of failure of consideration, such as a disputed credit card charge or returned check, or if Ace Incentives suspects the Card was obtained or is being used fraudulently. Please immediately report any loss, theft, or suspected fraud to Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE CARDS AND ALL RELATED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ACE INCENTIVES, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM THE CARDS OR YOUR USE OF THE CARDS OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATED THERETO, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, THIRD PARTY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ACE INCENTIVES, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (i) YOUR USE OF ANY CARDS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATED TO THE CARDS, OR (ii) ANY UNLAWFUL, UNAUTHORIZED, OR FRAUDULENT CONDUCT BY YOU OR BY ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO ANY CARD.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.
Arbitration Agreement and Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief.
YOU AND ACE INCENTIVES AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE AT LAW OR EQUITY THAT HAS ARISEN OR MAY ARISE BETWEEN (i) YOU AND ACE INCENTIVES, (ii) YOU AND ACE INCENTIVES' AFFILIATES, AND/OR (iii) YOU AND THE DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS OF ACE INCENTIVES OR ACE INCENTIVES' AFFILIATES (EACH AND "ACE INCENTIVES PARTY" AND, COLLECTIVELY, THE "ACE INCENTIVES PARTIES") IN CONNECTION WITH THESE CARD TERMS OR YOUR PURCHASE, USE, OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY CARD WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND THE ACE INCENTIVES PARTIES HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.
You and we agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and one or more of the Ace Incentives Parties in connection with (i) any Card, including your purchase, use or acceptance of any Card, and/or (ii) these Card Terms, shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings are available on the AAA's website at: www.adr.org.
The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or we may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
You and we agree that each of us may bring claims against the other (and that you may bring claims against any Ace Incentives Party) only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect other purchasers, users or recipients of Cards. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.
Additional Terms. If you purchase or redeem Cards on a website, your activity on the website may be subject to additional terms, including a Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Please carefully review all such additional terms. These websites may be owned and operated by third parties that are not affiliated with Ace Incentives.
Miscellaneous.
Applicable Law: The laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern the Card Terms and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Ace Incentives in connection with the Cards.
Taxes: Program members are solely responsible for any federal, state, or local taxes and/or government fees that may be imposed in connection with the Cards.
Waiver: No delay or failure by Ace Incentives to enforce any of these Card Terms shall be a waiver of any of our rights under these Card Terms.
Severability: The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision(s) of these Card Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision of these Card Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Card Terms shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein.
Construction: The headings used in these Card Terms are for convenience only, are not a part of this agreement, and do not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of these Card Terms. Any reference to the term "including" means "including, without limitation."
Survival: The provisions regarding disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, arbitration agreement, prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief, and these miscellaneous provisions shall survive termination of the Card Terms.
Customer Care.
If you have any questions regarding a Card, please contact Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223.
Shipping, Delivery, Pickup & Curbside Shipping, Delivery, Pickup & CurbsideShip to HomeShip to Home is a convenient service available only to acehardware.com online customers where most items can be delivered to a specified address.
Here’s how Ship-to-Home works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Once you have selected an item, click the 'Add to Cart button' and you will see if this item is able to be shipped to your home. You can choose ship to home in your cart.Continue to proceed through the checkout process through to order completion.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email with your shipment tracking information.For quicker delivery, please select Next Day or Second Day shipping.After you complete your Ship-to-Home order, the receipt page provides you with your order number and information about the order. Keep your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references.There are shipping charges associated with Ship-to-Home orders. Shipping costs for orders placed on acehardware.com are based on the weight of the total order. An order containing multiple items typically receives a volume-shipping discount and therefore your total shipping and handling cost may be lower than the sum of individual ship charges appearing in your cart. You will be provided with the total shipping cost for your order during checkout.
You can also have your Ship-to-Home orders expedited. Ace offers Next Day and Second Day shipping options in addition to Standard Ground. *Total delivery time includes processing and carrier transit time for all 50 states.
Please note, business days are Monday - Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Most items may be shipped all 50 states via Standard Ground, Second Day and Next Day Service. However, Gift Cards can only be shipped via Standard Ground and Next Day.
See below for shipment arrival timing:
Next Day Shipping (If offered, estimated to arrive Next Business Day)Second Day Shipping (If offered, estimated to arrive within 2 Business Days)Standard Ground Shipping (Arrives in 3 to 8 Business Days)You have 30 days from the time of package delivery per the carrier, to report an issue with your order.Delivery from Store
Delivery from Store is Ace´s delivery service for acehardware.com customers, available at participating stores. You can now find the products you need online and have them delivered to you by a helpful Ace associate as early as the same day! If you are trying to complete a project quickly, want to get larger sized items to your home or job site or if you just can't make it into the store, Delivery from Store is for you.
Here is how Delivery from Store works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Delivery from Store, it will be noted on the product page along with the earliest delivery date.Delivery distance varies by store. Your delivery location must be within your local store’s delivery area - - you can check this on the product page or in cart by typing in your delivery address.You may choose Delivery from Store in the cart.During checkout, you will be prompted to select a delivery date and, depending on the items in your cart, you may select
"unattended" delivery.
At this point you are ready to place your order.Upon receipt of your order, we will confirm whether or not the items in your order are in stock and available.You will receive an email when your order is ready for delivery, if your order delivery date is delayed, or if your order is cancelled.For attended and unattended delivery, your local store will contact you to schedule a delivery time.
For attended and unattended delivery (no signature required), your items will be left on the first threshold (front door/garage etc.).
Your local store reserves the right to not deliver unattended items for safety reasons.Your local Ace store may charge you a pickup fee if an item that was delivered from store is being returned and needs to be picked up. You will not get reimbursed the original delivery fee. If your order arrives damaged, incomplete or does not arrive on the expected date, please contact the store delivering your order.For attended delivery, you or your representative must be 18 years of age or older and a signature is required.If you are not at the confirmed delivery location at the designated time, you must reschedule your delivery (a re-delivery fee may apply) or your order may be canceled. Delivery fee will be shown in checkout. Ace Rewards members are eligible to receive free Next Day delivery on in-stock orders with a merchandise subtotal (before rewards discount and tax is charged) of $50 or more. Free delivery offer excludes same day delivery. Orders must be placed on days the store is open, before 4pm local time or 2 hours before store closing time, whichever is earlier.
A handling fee may be charged on select items at limited number of Ace Hardware retail locations. Handling fees will be charged on top of the order subtotal and delivery fees. This fee covers the cost of expenses related to fulfillment, such as packing/materials costs, item management for high weight/length/width or fragile items, and additional services related to order fulfillment.
Free Store PickupFree Store Pickup - Fulfilled from Store:In a hurry or need something right away? Free Store Pick up: Fulfilled from Store allows you to buy online from your local Ace and pickup as early as today. Item(s) must be in-stock and order placed at least 2 hours before store closing at the participating Ace store selected.
Here’s how Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Store works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Free Store Pickup, it will be noted in your cart. You may choose Free Store Pickup in your cart.If your order was placed at least 2 hours before store closing and the item(s) were in stock in the store, you may pick up your order the same day it was placed.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email.Next you will receive a Ready for Pickup email indicating your items are ready and available for pick up. When you pick up your order, be sure to have your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references. You must present your order number and one form of photo ID when you pick up your order at an Ace Hardware store.Free Store Pickup - Fulfilled from Warehouse:When an item on www.acehardware.com is available for Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse, that means you can save shipping costs by choosing to have your item(s) delivered to an Ace Hardware store near you for FREE! Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse is available only to www.acehardware.com online customers.
Here’s how Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Free Store Pickup, it will be noted in your cart. You may choose Free Store Pickup in your cart.If your order was placed at least 2 hours before store closing and the item(s) were in stock in the store, you may pick up your order the same day it was placed.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email and your items are on their way to your local store.Next, you will receive a Ready for Pickup email indicating your items are ready and available for pick up. When you pick up your order, be sure to have your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references. You must present your order number and one form of photo ID when you pick up your order at an Ace Hardware store.Please note: Your local Ace store will hold your order for up to 5 days.Curbside PickupAce is here to help. Place your order on acehardware.com and pick up Curbside at your local store.How it works:ORDER – Order on acehardware.com and select Free Store Pickup during checkoutDRIVE – Once you receive a confirmation email that your order is ready for pickup, head to your local AceCALL – When you arrive, call the store phone number (found on your order confirmation) and a helpful associate will bring out your order.Available at participating locations.For questions regarding shipping of personalized products, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions on the Personalize It With Ace Powered by Lapine microsite.Personalized products are excluded from Free Store Pickup. For any other questions regarding personalized products, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions on the Personalize It With Ace Powered by Lapine microsite.Please note: Your local Ace store will hold your order for up to 5 days.Ship to Home Ship to HomeShip to Home is a convenient service available only to acehardware.com online customers where most items can be delivered to a specified address.
Here’s how Ship to Home works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.Once you have selected an item, click the 'Add to Cart' button and you will see if this item is able to be shipped to your home. You can choose Ship to Home in your cart.Continue to proceed through the checkout process through to order completion.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email with your shipment tracking information.For quicker delivery, please select Next Day or Second Day shipping.After you complete your Ship to Home order, the receipt page provides you with your order number and information about the order. Keep your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references.There are shipping charges associated with Ship-to-Home orders. Shipping costs for orders placed on acehardware.com are based on the weight of the total order. An order containing multiple items typically receives a volume-shipping discount and therefore your total shipping and handling cost may be lower than the sum of individual ship charges appearing in your cart. You will be provided with the total shipping cost for your order during checkout.
You can also have your Ship to Home orders expedited. Ace offers Next Day and Second Day shipping options in addition to Standard Ground. *Total delivery time includes processing and carrier transit time for all 50 states.
Please note, business days are Monday - Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Most items may be shipped to all 50 states via Standard Ground, Second Day and Next Day Service. However, Gift Cards can only be shipped via Standard Ground and Next Day.
See below for shipment arrival timing:
Next Day Shipping (If offered, estimated to arrive Next Business Day)Second Day Shipping (If offered, estimated to arrive within 2 Business Days)Standard Ground Shipping (Arrives in 3 to 8 Business Days)You have 30 days from the time of package delivery per the carrier, to report an issue with your order.Delivery from Store Delivery from Store
Delivery from Store is Ace´s delivery service for acehardware.com customers, available at participating stores. You can now find the products you need online and have them delivered to you by a helpful Ace associate as early as the same day! If you are trying to complete a project quickly, want to get larger sized items to your home or job site or if you just can't make it into the store, Delivery from Store is for you.
Free Delivery with Ace Rewards
Ace Rewards members are eligible to receive free Next Day delivery on in-stock orders with a merchandise subtotal (before rewards discount and tax is charged) of $50 or more. Free delivery offer excludes Same Day delivery. Orders must be placed on days the store is open, before 4pm local time or 2 hours before store closing time, whichever is earlier.
Here is how Delivery from Store works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Delivery from Store, it will be noted on the product page and in cart, along with the earliest delivery date. You may select Delivery from Store in either section..Delivery distance varies by store. Your delivery location must be within your local store’s delivery area. We will validate your delivery address prior to checkout.You may choose Delivery from Store in the cart.At checkout, you will be prompted to select the delivery date, and depending on the order, options for Unattended or Attended Delivery.For attended deliveries, your local store will contact you to schedule a delivery time. Attended deliveries require you, or your representative to be:
- Present at the time of delivery
- 18 years of age or older
- Able to sign for the orderDelivery fees will be shown in checkout.Upon receipt of your order, we will confirm whether the items in your order are in stock and available.You will receive an email when/if your order is:
- Ready for delivery
- Order delivery date is delayed
- Order is canceledDeliveries are placed at the property entrance
For attended and unattended delivery (no signature required), your items will be left on the first threshold (front door/garage etc.). Your local store reserves the right to not deliver unattended items for safety reasons.
Your local Ace may charge an additional fee if you request your order to be placed inside the first threshold/entryway. This includes transporting orders inside the residence, up flights of stairs, or onto decks and porches.
Delivery ExceptionsIf your order arrives damaged, incomplete or does not arrive on the expected date, please contact the store delivering your order.If you are not at the confirmed delivery location at the designated time, you must reschedule your delivery (a re-delivery fee may apply) or your order may be canceled.You may be charged a pickup fee if an item that was delivered from store is being returned and needs to be picked up. You will not get reimbursed the original delivery fee.
A handling fee may be charged on select items at limited number of Ace Hardware retail locations. Handling fees will be charged on top of the order subtotal and delivery fees. This fee covers the cost of expenses related to fulfillment, such as packing/materials costs, item management for high weight/length/width or fragile items, and additional services related to order fulfillment.
Your local store may charge an additional fee if the order is requested to be delivered beyond the first threshold/entryway.Free Store Pickup & Curbside Free Store Pickup & CurbsideFree Store Pickup - Fulfilled from Store:In a hurry or need something right away? Free Store Pick up: Fulfilled from Store allows you to buy online from your local Ace and pickup as early as today. Item(s) must be in-stock and order placed at least 2 hours before store closing at the participating Ace store selected.
Here’s how Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Store works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Free Store Pickup, it will be noted in your cart. You may choose Free Store Pickup in your cart.If your order was placed at least 2 hours before store closing and the item(s) were in stock in the store, you may pick up your order the same day it was placed.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email.Next you will receive a Ready for Pickup email indicating your items are ready and available for pick up. When you pick up your order, be sure to have your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references. You must present your order number and one form of photo ID when you pick up your order at an Ace Hardware store.Free Store Pickup - Fulfilled from Warehouse:When an item on www.acehardware.com is available for Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse, that means you can save shipping costs by choosing to have your item(s) delivered to an Ace Hardware store near you for FREE! Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse is available only to www.acehardware.com online customers.
Here’s how Free Store Pickup – Fulfilled from Warehouse works:
Shop your local store on acehardware.com.If your item is eligible for Free Store Pickup, it will be noted in your cart. You may choose Free Store Pickup in your cart.If your order was placed at least 2 hours before store closing and the item(s) were in stock in the store, you may pick up your order the same day it was placed.Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email and your items are on their way to your local store.Next, you will receive a Ready for Pickup email indicating your items are ready and available for pick up. When you pick up your order, be sure to have your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references. You must present your order number and one form of photo ID when you pick up your order at an Ace Hardware store.Please note: Your local Ace store will hold your order for up to 5 days.Curbside PickupAce is here to help. Place your order on acehardware.com and pick up Curbside at your local store.How it works:ORDER – Order on acehardware.com and select Free Store Pickup during checkoutDRIVE – Once you receive a confirmation email that your order is ready for pickup, head to your local AceCALL – When you arrive, call the store phone number (found on your order confirmation) and a helpful associate will bring out your order.Available at participating locations.Personalized products are excluded from Free Store Pickup. For any other questions regarding personalized products, please visit the Frequently Asked Questions on the Personalize It With Ace Powered by Lapine microsite.Please note: Your local Ace store will hold your order for up to 5 days.Store Locator
Store LocatorClick here to find your local Ace > Store LocatorFind Your Local Ace
Store LocatorClick here to find your local Ace > Store LocatorProduct Information Product InformationProduct InquiresFinding ProductsThere are two ways to find the products you are looking for on acehardware.com: Searching by Keyword or Item Number in the search box or by browsing the links from the Home Page. No matter which method you use, you will find a variety of sorting functions to help you find what you are looking for.Learning More about ProductsIf you would like more information about an item you see on acehardware.com, simply click on the item. This will take you to a Product Detail page that provides a complete description of the product. For more information regarding products, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.Product RecallsFor your convenience, product recall information is provided below for products that may have been sold on acehardware.com and at independent Ace Hardware retail stores.
Voluntary Recall of One Lot of Kaytee® Wild Bird Food Birders Blend, 8 Lb Bag, Due to Elevated Levels of Aflatoxin (03/21/23) ►
YETI Recalls 1.9 Million Soft Coolers and Gear Cases Due to Magnet Ingestion Hazard
(3/15/23) ►
Reckitt Recalls AirWick Fresh Linen and Fresh Water Aerosol Air Fresheners Due to Injury and Laceration Hazards (11/7/22) ►
Clorox® Recalls Multiple Pine-Sol Cleaners Due to Risk of Exposure to Bacteria (10/28/22) ►
Two Million Dehumidifiers With Well-Known Brand Names Recalled Due to Fire and Burn Hazards; Manufactured by New Widetech (08/04/21) ►
Generac Recalls Portable Generators (7/29/21) ►
Toro Snowthrower - Model 37802 Potential Injury Hazard (2/17/21) ►
Victory Innovations Electrostatic Sprayers with Lithium ion Battery Packs (2/3/21) ►Sterno Home Recalls Path Light Kits With LED Power Supplies Due to Shock Hazard (5/14/20) ►Ronson Brand Tech Torch Recalled by Zippo Due to Fire Hazard (10/8/19) ►Seabreeze International Recalls Bathroom Heaters Due to Fire Hazard (11/20/18) ►A. O. Smith Recalls Ultra-Low NOx Water Heaters Due to Fire Hazard (11/8/18) ►Black & Decker Recalls Hammer Drills Due to Injury Hazard (11/1/18) ►Brookstone Wireless Speakers Recalled Due to Fire Hazard (10/19/18) ►Schneider Electric Recalls Square D Safety Switches Due to Electrical Shock Hazard (4/17/2018) ►Vornado Air Recalls Electric Space Heaters Due to Fire and Burn Hazards (4/3/2018) ►Kidde Recalls Dual Sensor Smoke Alarms Due to Risk of Failure to Alert Consumers to a Fire (3/21/2018) ►InSinkErator® Recalls SinkTop™ Switch Accessory for Garbage Disposals Due to Fire Hazard (3/6/2018) ►Woodstream Recalls Mosquito Magnet Traps Due to Injury Hazard (3/6/2018) ►Redbarn Pet Products Expands Voluntary Recall of Dog Chews (3/6/2018) ►Digital Clamp Meters Recalled by Klein Tools Due to Shock and Burn Hazards (5/19/2016) ►Cosco Recalls convertible Hand Trucks (2/25/2015) ►Keurig Recalls MINI Plus Brewing Systems Due to Burn Hazard (12/23/2014) ►Lithonia Lighting Recalls Emergency Lights Due to Fire Hazard (05/28/2014) ►Gree Reannounces Dehumidifier Recall Due to Serious Fire and Burn Hazards; More Fires and Property Damage Reported (05/15/2014) ►Legrand Wiremold Expands Recall of Under-Cabinet Power Strips Due to Electric Fire Hazard (05/15/2014) ►Ace Hardware Recalls LED Clamp Light Due to Shock and Fire Hazard (03/25/2014) ►Toro® Recalls TimeMaster™ and TurfMaster™ Lawn Mowers Due to Injury Hazard (12/10/2013) ►Gree Recalls 12 Brands of Dehumidifiers Due to Serious Fire and Burn Hazards; More Than $2 Million in Property Damage Reported (9/12/2013) ►Char-Broil® Recalls Patio Bistro Gas Grills Due to Burn Hazard (8/15/2013) ►Toro® Recalls Zero Turn Riding Mowers Due to Fire Hazard (5/9/2013) ►Manchester Tank & Equipment Company Recalls Propane Cylinders Due to Fire Hazard (4/9/2013) ►Remote-Controlled Helicopters Recalled by Midwest Trading Group Due to Fire and Burn Hazards (4/2/2013) ►3M™ Recalls Filtrete Room Air Purifiers Due to Fire Hazard (3/26/2013) ►Progressive® International Recalls Canning Jar Lifters Due to Laceration Hazard (2/6/2013) ►Kaytee® Recalls Bird Treats and Greens Due to Possible Salmonella Contamination from Parsley Flakes (2/19/2013) ►Toro® Riding Mowers Recalled Due to Fire Hazard (11/27/2012) ►Kawasaki Motors Recalls Lawn Mower Engines Due to Fire Hazard (11/15/2012) ►Cabot® Recalls Wood Cleaner and Wood Brightener With Spray Pump Due to Irritation and Burn Hazard (9/27/2012) ►Legrand® Wiremold Recalls Power Strips Due to Electric Shock Hazard (9/6/2012) ►Sherwin-Williams® Recalls Krylon Glaze and Acrylic Due to Fire Hazard (8/28/2012) ►Gas Cylinders Recalled by Worthington Cylinders Wisconsin Due to Fire Hazard (2/23/2012) ►WarrantiesManufacturer's WarrantiesMany of the items that are sold on www.acehardware.com come with a manufacturer's warranty. For additional information on the manufacturer's warranty for a specific product, contact the manufacturer directly.Parts & RepairsPlease contact the manufacturer of an item directly with any parts and repairs questions.If you still have questions about your order, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223 or email carecenter@acehardware.com.Product Inquiries Product InquiriesFinding Products
There are two ways to find the products you are looking for on acehardware.com: Searching by Keyword or Item Number in the search box or by browsing the links from the Home Page. No matter which method you use, you will find a variety of sorting functions to help you find what you are looking for.
Learning More about Products
If you would like more information about an item you see on acehardware.com, simply click on the item. This will take you to a Product Detail page that provides a complete description of the product.
For more information regarding products, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.
Product Recalls Product RecallsFor your convenience, product recall information is provided below for products that may have been sold on acehardware.com and at independent Ace Hardware retail stores.
Voluntary Recall of One Lot of Kaytee® Wild Bird Food Birders Blend, 8 Lb Bag, Due to Elevated Levels of Aflatoxin (03/21/23) ►
YETI Recalls 1.9 Million Soft Coolers and Gear Cases Due to Magnet Ingestion Hazard
(3/15/23) ►
Reckitt Recalls AirWick Fresh Linen and Fresh Water Aerosol Air Fresheners Due to Injury and Laceration Hazards (11/7/22) ►
Clorox® Recalls Multiple Pine-Sol Cleaners Due to Risk of Exposure to Bacteria (10/28/22) ►
Two Million Dehumidifiers With Well-Known Brand Names Recalled Due to Fire and Burn Hazards; Manufactured by New Widetech (08/04/21) ►
Generac Recalls Portable Generators (7/29/21) ►
Toro Snowthrower - Model 37802 Potential Injury Hazard (2/17/21) ►
Victory Innovations Electrostatic Sprayers with Lithium ion Battery Packs (2/3/21) ►Sterno Home Recalls Path Light Kits With LED Power Supplies Due to Shock Hazard (5/14/20) ►Ronson Brand Tech Torch Recalled by Zippo Due to Fire Hazard (10/8/19) ►Seabreeze International Recalls Bathroom Heaters Due to Fire Hazard (11/20/18) ►A. O. Smith Recalls Ultra-Low NOx Water Heaters Due to Fire Hazard (11/8/18) ►Black & Decker Recalls Hammer Drills Due to Injury Hazard (11/1/18) ►Brookstone Wireless Speakers Recalled Due to Fire Hazard (10/19/18) ►Schneider Electric Recalls Square D Safety Switches Due to Electrical Shock Hazard (4/17/2018) ►
Vornado Air Recalls Electric Space Heaters Due to Fire and Burn Hazards (4/3/2018) ►
Kidde Recalls Dual Sensor Smoke Alarms Due to Risk of Failure to Alert Consumers to a Fire (3/21/2018) ►InSinkErator® Recalls SinkTop™ Switch Accessory for Garbage Disposals Due to Fire Hazard (3/6/2018) ►
Woodstream Recalls Mosquito Magnet Traps Due to Injury Hazard (3/6/2018) ►
Redbarn Pet Products Expands Voluntary Recall of Dog Chews (3/6/2018) ►
Digital Clamp Meters Recalled by Klein Tools Due to Shock and Burn Hazards (5/19/2016) ►
Cosco Recalls convertible Hand Trucks (2/25/2015) ►
Keurig Recalls MINI Plus Brewing Systems Due to Burn Hazard (12/23/2014) ►
Lithonia Lighting Recalls Emergency Lights Due to Fire Hazard (05/28/2014) ►
Gree Reannounces Dehumidifier Recall Due to Serious Fire and Burn Hazards; More Fires and Property Damage Reported (05/15/2014) ►
Legrand Wiremold Expands Recall of Under-Cabinet Power Strips Due to Electric Fire Hazard (05/15/2014) ►
Ace Hardware Recalls LED Clamp Light Due to Shock and Fire Hazard (03/25/2014) ►
Toro® Recalls TimeMaster™ and TurfMaster™ Lawn Mowers Due to Injury Hazard (12/10/2013) ►
Gree Recalls 12 Brands of Dehumidifiers Due to Serious Fire and Burn Hazards; More Than $2 Million in Property Damage Reported (9/12/2013) ►
Char-Broil® Recalls Patio Bistro Gas Grills Due to Burn Hazard (8/15/2013) ►
Toro® Recalls Zero Turn Riding Mowers Due to Fire Hazard (5/9/2013) ►
Manchester Tank & Equipment Company Recalls Propane Cylinders Due to Fire Hazard (4/9/2013) ►
Remote-Controlled Helicopters Recalled by Midwest Trading Group Due to Fire and Burn Hazards (4/2/2013) ►
3M™ Recalls Filtrete Room Air Purifiers Due to Fire Hazard (3/26/2013) ►
Progressive® International Recalls Canning Jar Lifters Due to Laceration Hazard (2/6/2013) ►
Kaytee® Recalls Bird Treats and Greens Due to Possible Salmonella Contamination from Parsley Flakes (2/19/2013) ►
Toro® Riding Mowers Recalled Due to Fire Hazard (11/27/2012) ►
Kawasaki Motors Recalls Lawn Mower Engines Due to Fire Hazard (11/15/2012) ►
Cabot® Recalls Wood Cleaner and Wood Brightener With Spray Pump Due to Irritation and Burn Hazard (9/27/2012) ►
Legrand® Wiremold Recalls Power Strips Due to Electric Shock Hazard (9/6/2012) ►
Sherwin-Williams® Recalls Krylon Glaze and Acrylic Due to Fire Hazard (8/28/2012) ►
Gas Cylinders Recalled by Worthington Cylinders Wisconsin Due to Fire Hazard (2/23/2012) ►Warranties WarrantiesManufacturer's Warranties
Many of the items that are sold on www.acehardware.com come with a manufacturer's warranty. For additional information on the manufacturer's warranty for a specific product, contact the manufacturer directly.
Parts & Repairs Parts & RepairsPlease contact the manufacturer of an item directly with any parts and repairs questions.
If you still have questions about your order, please contact Customer Care at 888-827-4223.Safety, Security & Privacy Safety, Security & PrivacyPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last revised on and is effective as of 12/28/2022.What Does this Privacy Policy Include?What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?How Personal Information Is Used for Business PurposesBusiness-to-Business AccountsWhat Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want to Receive Promotional Communications?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media or Product Review Features?What About Contests and Sweepstakes?Is Personal Information Collected from Children?Additional Information for California ResidentsNotice of Financial IncentiveAdditional Information for Nevada ResidentsAdditional Information for Virginia ResidentsEmployee and Applicant Privacy PolicyWhat Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?How Do We Use Your Personal Information?How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?What is Our Data Retention?What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesHow Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?This Privacy Policy forms part of your legal agreement with Ace Hardware Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "Ace", "we", "our", or "us") under Ace’s Terms of Use, available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use. Ace stores may also be authorized to use your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of the Services (as defined below) or by submitting personal information to us in a manner governed by this Privacy Policy, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.Our Services may contain links to other websites, applications or services operated by others. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications, or services, including websites, applications or services operated by Ace stores, most of which are independently owned and operated, although some may be owned by Ace affiliates.What Does the Privacy Policy Include?Services are defined as:
Online Services: certain online services provided by us that link to this Privacy Policy or on which this Privacy Policy appears, as well as the content, features, and software available on them, including online communications through or related to the Online Services, Offline Services: certain offline services including but not limited to offline communications through our Customer Care Department in connection with the Online Services, Ace Rewards, and Business-to-Business accounts, Ace Rewards: both in-store through point-of-sale systems and via the Online Services, Business-to-Business accounts,Our SavingSource programs, andCommunications with Prospective Retailers. By using the Online Services, you are agreeing to the Terms of Use available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use, which are incorporated by reference.Additional Terms. Additional policies, guidelines, FAQs, rules, click-through agreements, and other terms and conditions may apply to certain portions of the Online Services or certain content, features, products, and services available on the Online Services (collectively, "Additional Terms"). These Additional Terms include, without limitation:Ace Rewards® Program Terms and Conditionsavailable at www.acehardware.com/rewards-termsAce Gift Card Terms and Conditions available at www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=gift-cardsCustomer Service policiesavailable at www.acehardware.com/customer-service, including our 30-Day Return Policy andOfficial Rules for contests and sweepstakes provided at the time you apply.What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?We may collect personal information to deliver the products and Services you request, to help improve your shopping experience, to support our business functions and in a variety of ways when you interact with Ace stores and Services.What Personal Information Do We Collect?We may collect the following categories of personal information. Not all categories may be collected about every individual. California residents, please see the information we collect about you, below in Categories of personal information collected and disclosed.Personal identifiers, such as name, address, email, telephone number and email address,Device information, online identifiers and related information, such as operating system information, type of device, and screen size, Internet, application, and network activity, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with a website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our Services or other online services, cookies and IP addresses,Demographic information, such as age and birth month,Commercial Information such as financial information, credit and debit card numbers (stored with our payment processor) and claims information, records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies,Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as race/ethnicity, gender, and sex,Customer Records such as purchase history information, such as products you have bought, rented, and/or returned,Professional information such as current and former employers, business contact information and professional memberships,Location information, such as precise and general geolocation information,Audio, visual and other sensory information, such as audio and video recordings,Individual preferences and characteristics, such as inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors, andSensitive personal information including financial information (held by our payment processors) and precise geolocation, which may overlap with some of the categories above.How Do We Collect Personal Information?We collect personal information from you or about you in a variety of ways, including: directly from you; from advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, marketing and product vendors; from your device, in-store technologies and other technologies; from Ace stores, government entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, data brokers and other external third-party sources.You actively share personal information with us in various ways when you utilize the Services. For example, you may share personal information when you:Make payments and purchases: When you make an in-store or online purchase, return, or other transaction, with us through the Services or an Ace store, we and/or our payment processor, as applicable, collect purchase and payment information in order to process your payment, such as your credit card number and applicable shipping and billing address. We also maintain records about your past purchases, as well as items that you view or add to your cart.Register and add to your profile information:
When you create an account on one of our websites or mobile services, use a mobile shopping list, or participate in our programs, such as Ace Rewards, we collect certain personal information from you, such as your name and email address, as well as any personal information you post to your profile or account, which may include address and other contact information, demographics, photos, birthday or preferences, or that you otherwise submit to us through your account.
Communicate and interact with us or our Services: When you email, call, chat or otherwise communicate with us and with members of our team, we collect and maintain a record of your contact details, communications and our responses. We also maintain records communications and information that you post in chat sessions, forums and in other areas of the Services, well as on our social media channels when you post a rating, review or other user-generated content on one of our websites or mobile services, participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey, or use features of our websites and mobile services that may ask you to grant us access to the camera or microphone on your computer or mobile device (such as voice search or scanning bar codes) and other personal information you provide to us related to any customer support requests.Participate in events and make other requests:
We also collect personal information related to your participation in our events as well as other requests that you submit to us related to our Services. For example, if you register for or attend an event that we host or sponsor, we may collect personal information related to your registration for and participation in such event.
When you fill out a ‘Contact Us’ form, signup for our mailing lists, or otherwise request information from us, we collect and maintain records of your requests.Passively provide via your technical interactions: We may collect technical information when you use the Services. This may include information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser type, unique identifiers, the address of referring websites, the path you take through our websites, and other information about your visit to our websites.Use your device camera and microphone: Some of the features of the Services may require access to the camera or microphone of your computer or mobile device. You must give your permission before we access your device’s camera or microphone, and you can adjust the settings of your device at any time to control access to your camera or microphone.Opt-In to the use of your precise geolocation information: We may collect your precise location when you consent or when your device is set to provide location information. For example, your device’s GPS signal allows us to show you the nearest Ace stores. Other examples include allowing us to know when you are about to arrive to pick up your online pickup order after you check in. We may be able to recognize the location of a mobile device in stores where we provide customers free Wi-Fi access or through the use of Bluetooth technology.
We use your IP address to derive information regarding your location (such as longitude and latitude) including Google MAPS. For more information about Google’s privacy policies, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. If you access or use our Services from a mobile device, we may collect geolocation information from your mobile device, but only with your authorization. Location information is used to assign you to a local Ace store and to customize certain features of the Services, such as the store locator feature, local advertising, and product selection, availability and pricing. We may send push notifications customized to your location if you have authorized us to send them to your mobile device. Push notifications, which appear on the screen of your mobile device in the form of a badge, alert, or banner, allow mobile applications to send information to your mobile device even when the application is not in use. You may choose to receive push notifications without consenting to the collection of geolocation information, but the messages you receive will not be customized for your location. Your mobile device's operating system may store your authorization to provide us with information regarding your location. While your authorization is active, if you access or request location-based services from our Services, your mobile device will provide us with your location without additional authorization from you. If you would like to disable location services in connection with our mobile website, please consult your mobile device's user guide. If you would like to disable location services and/or push notifications in connection with our mobile app, adjust your mobile device settings according to the instructions in your mobile device's user guide.Cookies and Other Technologies: Like many online services, we may collect and store certain personal information automatically whenever you interact with our Services. For example, we may collect your IP address, browser and device information, including operating system, application software, and reference site domain name when you access or use the Services. We also use personal information to derive aggregated information regarding customer traffic patterns and usage and mobile application usage data. We may use this information in combination with other information we have about you, including personal information.
Ace uses cookies, which are small data files created by a web server and stored by your browser. We also use pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files. Cookies and pixel tags permit the Services to function properly. For example, they help us to identify account holders and Ace Rewards members and to optimize the log-in, account management, and shopping experience. They also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves without checking out. In addition, we may use cookies and other technologies to store your preferences and provide a personalized experience on the Services. Sharing through cookies may be deemed a sale or sharing under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out, please see Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Selling or Sharing and the further information provided below.
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of the Ace websites. Click here to manage cookie settings. Please note: If you select "Reject All", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services.
If you want to remove previously stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Ace websites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.Analytics: Ace may also use cookies and other technologies to implement analytics tools, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, that help us understand how the Services are performing, how you engage with the Services, and how you interact with our advertisements and communications. The information we collect using Google Analytics, which may be shared with Google, doesn’t include names or contact information, but may include Ace Rewards numbers, IP addresses, and activity on the Services. For more information on your privacy choices in connection with Google Analytics, including the Google Analytics Browser Opt-Out Add On, please visit the Google website at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Session Recording: We may use session recording software, in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize the Services and experience.Interest-Based Advertising: We and our advertising vendors may use online technologies, including cookies and pixel tags, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and platforms. These technologies enable us or our vendors, including Google, to recognize a unique cookie or pixel tag placed by us or our vendors when you accessed the Services or by an entity when you visited a non-affiliated website or platform. This personal information is used to manage advertising effectiveness and provide you with online advertisements, including advertisements on unaffiliated websites and platforms, more likely to be of interest to you. These technologies also allow us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Services and to manage affiliate advertising.
To learn more about interest-based advertising (often referred to as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising) and how to manage your preferences for interest-based ads, please visit the following third-party websites:To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), please visit the DAA website at: www.aboutads.info/choices and youradchoices.com/appchoices.To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), please visit the NAI website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices.Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising across all browsers and devices, you need to make your choices in each browser and device you use. Please consult your device’s user guide or visit the Google Play Support Center or the Apple Support Center for more information on managing interest-based advertisements in a mobile environment. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your interests.Information We Collect Through In-Store TechnologyWe may collect your personal information from technology used in Ace stores, such as facility cameras. Ace stores may operate cameras in-store for security and operational purposes, for example, to help prevent fraud and to improve the design of Ace stores to better serve our customers.Ace StoresPlease note that most Ace stores are independently owned and operated, although some stores are owned by Ace affiliates. We may collect personal information from Ace stores, particularly when we collaborate in providing the Services to you, such as Ace Rewards. For example, we may collect certain personal information from an Ace store in order to provide delivery services that you may request through the Services. We also may collect personal information from Ace stores in order to provide local offers and promotions that might interest you. These Ace stores may also be authorized to use your personal information in the manner described in this Policy. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.Personal Information We Collect from External Third-Party SourcesWe may receive personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of the Services and marketing to you, and prevent or detect fraud. Third parties may collect user data directly from you for their own use and subject to their own privacy policies.Social NetworksWhen you upload or share a photo, submit a request, submit information, or post other digital content via social media interactions on third-party websites like Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest or Twitter, that data may be collected by Ace in connection with the Services. Please be advised that user-generated content and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the privacy policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Please remember that any personal information you disclose in this manner will be publicly available. We encourage you to read the privacy policy and terms of use posted on each and every website, application, platform, network, or service that you access or use.
We may also collect personal information about you from social media platforms and networks if you post content publicly or to our social media account (e.g., by using a hashtag) or if you post content to third-party social media hosts such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube and Instagram.Social Media Widgets
Our website and mobile application may include social media features, such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube widgets. These features may collect electronic and other internet activity information, such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website or mobile application. These widgets may set a cookie or utilize other tracking technologies to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party and your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. Such sharing through cookies may be deemed a sale or sharing under the CCPA. California residents can opt-out of the selling or sharing below, see Notice of the Right to Opt-Out of Selling and Sharing. To learn about the types of cookies we use, please see Cookies and Other Technologies. Marketing VendorsWe may collect personal information from our marketing vendors about your preferences, interests and trends in order to enhance your experience with our Services. We may receive personal information from third party vendors relating to a customer’s homeowner status, age, gender, estimated income, or length of residence, for example.How Personal Information Is Used for Business PurposesPurposes of Collection and ProcessingWe use your personal information to provide you products and Services, such as to fulfill your requests for products or to help us personalize our Services and market to you. We also may use your personal information to support our business functions, such as fraud prevention, marketing, and legal functions. Some examples may include:Providing services and support: To provide and operate our Services, to fulfill your order or requests for Services and provide customer service, to create and maintain your account, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes.
Responding to inquiries: To respond to your questions, fulfill your orders and requests, and consider your requests.
Analytics and improvement: To better understand how users access and use the Services and our other products and offerings, to conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement, and for other research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, to develop Services and features, and for internal quality control and training purposes.
Customization and personalization: To tailor content we may send or display on the Services, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences. Marketing and advertising: For marketing and advertising purposes.
For example, to send you information about our Services, such as offers, promotions, newsletters and other marketing content, including about third-party products and services we think may interest you, as well as any other information that you sign up to receive. We also may use certain personal information we collect to manage, measure and improve our advertising campaigns so that we can better reach people with relevant content. Loyalty and rewards program: If you are a member of our Ace Rewards program, we use your personal information in order to administer those programs, which are described more specifically when you enroll. Planning and managing events: For event planning and management, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and Services.
Research and surveys: To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or member satisfaction purposes. Safety, quality and improvement: To undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the Services owned or controlled by us.Security and protection of rights: To protect you and others, the Services and our business operations; to help ensure security and integrity and prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Use, available at acehardware.com/terms-of-use, our contract, if any, with you or this Privacy Policy.
Legal proceedings and obligations: To comply with the law and our legal obligations and to handle legal processes and related to legal proceedings.
General business and operational support: To conduct business analysis, such as analytics, projections, or identifying areas for operational improvement and to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other business transactions, and related to the administration of our general business, accounting, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, and legal functions.
Other notified purposes: For other lawful purposes that you reasonable expect, are permitted under applicable law and regulation or that we may notify you of from time to time. Ace may combine personal information, collected online and offline, including personal information from third party sources as described below. Ace also may transfer or share your personal information within our corporate family of companies and Ace stores for these purposes, as permitted by law.With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside of Ace Hardware Corporation?We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:Ace Affiliates: Ace may transfer personal information to its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, including future subsidiaries and affiliates.
Ace Stores: Ace may share personal information with Ace stores in order to facilitate shipping, delivery, and assembly services related to purchases made on the Services, to assist in the resolution of disputes or customer service issues, to facilitate your membership in the Ace Rewards Program, and to enable Ace stores to conduct their own marketing activities. Please note that most Ace stores are independently owned and operated, although some stores are owned by Ace affiliates. Additionally, Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.
Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform services in connection with the operation of our business, including operation of Services and management of our customer accounts.
Social Media and Advertising Platforms: We may use social media and advertising platforms, such as Facebook® and Google, to serve advertisements to you or to third parties that the platform determines are similar to you. In order to offer these ads, we may share your personal information, such as email addresses or phone numbers, in hashed or unhashed format, with the platform provider, which can match this information to a particular platform user.
Marketing: We may make your personal information, together with information regarding your preferences, activity, purchases, and demographics, available to affiliates and Ace stores for purposes of conducting marketing activities on behalf of Ace, the affiliates, Ace stores, and/or or any other service providers.
Personal Information We Share with External Third Parties: To deliver information about products and Services that may be of interest to you, we may share personal information with other companies, such as publishers, advertisers and measurement analytics providers and the third parties listed below in Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information From. For example, we may share device-related data (such as unique identifier, type of device, IP address, cookies and other information associated with your browsing and app usage) and individual preferences and characteristics (such as insights and inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors). This information does not identify you directly but is used to personalize the advertisements you receive as more fully described below.
Deidentified and Aggregated Personal Information: Ace continually strives to make customer shopping experiences more relevant and with less friction and may offer related services and insights to its suppliers and others. As a result, Ace may share with others, insights that combine aggregated information from many customers in ways that do not directly identify you. For example, Ace may combine aggregated customer shopping history with other information to deliver generalized insights to Ace’s suppliers and other third parties. These insights do not identify individual customers and helps Ace suppliers provide products and services relevant to Ace customers, for example.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others: We may share your personal information in other special circumstances, which include situations when sharing is permitted by law, or we believe sharing will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of Ace, our customers, our associates, or other persons. Examples may include: Protecting the health or safety of customers; Responding to incidents or crimes committed on Ace property; Identifying and preventing fraud or financial risk; Providing personal information from cameras to law enforcement, insurance companies and others as necessary; Responding to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry; Responding to an investigative body and other similar activities.
We may also disclose personal information to enforce this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use, to troubleshoot problems, and resolve disputes (including, without limitation, in connection with litigation or arbitration of any dispute between you and Ace or to assist us in the collection of amounts owed by you to us).
Sale, Transfer or Reorganization of Business: We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of the business or assets of Ace or Ace affiliates to an entity in the event of a corporate transaction.
When You Authorize Us: In addition to the foregoing circumstances, we may share your personal information when you authorize us to do so.
Business-to-Business AccountsThe practices described in this Privacy Policy also govern the creation and use of business-to-business accounts on Ace’s business-to-business website and through Ace’s business-to-business program. California residents who are business customers may exercise their rights as described below in the California notice and rights section. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?We use various security measures to protect personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized access or use.In order to help protect your personal information, you should keep your account usernames and passwords secure and not provide them to others. If we request that you re-set your username and/or password, please do so promptly. If you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a username or password, please contact our Customer Care Department by phone at 888-827-4223.How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?If you are an account holder, you can access, correct, and update certain personal information by accessing your account through the Services, by clicking on the Sign In/Register button located on the acehardware.com home page. If you are an account holder with an Ace Rewards membership, you can update your Ace Rewards profile by linking your Ace Rewards account to your online account. You can also update certain personal information by contacting our Customer Care department by phone at 1-888-827-4223.Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want to Receive Promotional Communications?There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. If you indicate you would like to stop receiving promotional emails, you may still receive emails relating to orders, earned rewards, and program updates.
If you are an AceHardware.com account holder, you can indicate email preferences by accessing your account through the Services. If you place an order through the Services, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard.
You also will have an opportunity to indicate your preferences by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you or following the "unsubscribe" instructions in a notification or other message type. Even if you unsubscribe from our emails, you may continue to receive promotional emails from Ace stores. To unsubscribe from promotional email communications from an Ace store, please follow the instructions for unsubscribing in the store’s email.
If you have downloaded the Ace Hardware mobile app, you can indicate your preferences by navigating to the "Personal Details" section of your profile and unchecking the "Email me offers and helpful tips" box.
If you no longer wish to receive push notifications on your mobile device, please consult your mobile device's user guide for instructions on how to disable push notifications.
We use an opt-in standard for automated phone and text messages. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your affirmative consent.What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media or Product Review Features?Other Ace websites, applications and digital services may be governed by different privacy policies. Please read the privacy policy posted on each Ace website, application, or other digital service that you visit to understand the information collection, use and sharing practices that apply.
Our Services may contain links to other websites, applications or services operated by others. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications, or services, including websites, applications or services operated by Ace stores, most of which are independently owned and operated, although some may be owned by Ace affiliates.
If you have accessed our Services through a link from some of our advertising or marketing partners, our Services may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. Nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy.
Our Services offer you the ability to interact with social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Instagram®, and social commerce networks, such as PowerReviews. Please be advised that product reviews, user-generated content, and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the Privacy Policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Please remember that any information you disclose in this manner will be publicly available. For example, any content you submit in connection with a product review may be posted on publicly facing third-party websites in the PowerReviews network.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy and terms of use posted on each and every website, application, platform, network, or service that you access or use.What About Contests and Sweepstakes?When we run a contest or sweepstakes through our Services, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. If our use of your personal information gathered in connection with the contest or sweepstakes entry process is different from the terms of this Privacy Policy, the rules for such contest/sweepstakes will specify how that information will be used. If you win a contest or sweepstakes, additional provisions regarding the use of your personal information may be included in required winner's affidavits and releases.Is Personal Information Collected from Children?The Services are intended for adults. We do not sell any items ordered through our Services directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, including children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 18, you should not enroll in the Ace Rewards program or use our Services to submit orders or purchase any items. In addition, we do not collect online any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should use our Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information of any kind to us.California minors (under 18 years of age) may in certain circumstances request and obtain removal of content or information they posted to the Services. If you are a California minor, you may make a removal request by contacting us toll-free by phone at 1-888-827-4223.We do not sell or share personal information about persons who we known to be under the age of 18.CaliforniaAdditional Information for California Residents
The following provides information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). California privacy laws require that we provide California residents information about how we use their personal information, whether collected online or offline, and this portion of our Privacy Policy is intended to satisfy that requirement.
Under the CCPA, "personal information" is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household. Please note that this definition of personal information applies to only this section of our Privacy Policy.California Residents’ Rights
California law grants California residents’ certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below.Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Selling or Sharing:
California residents have the right to opt-out of our sale or sharing of their personal information. Opt-out rights can be exercised on our
Your Privacy Choices webform on AceHardware.com, by calling the Care Center at 888-827-4223 or by completing and mailing in a form at a California retail location. California’s definition of sale is broad and encompasses many types of data transfers. However, we do not "sell" any consumer data in the traditional sense for monetary compensation.Global Privacy Controls/Opt-Out Preference Signal: Certain browsers and other technologies send opt-out preference signals to a website notifying the website of your desire to stop the sale or sharing of your personal information. For more information, please see globalprivacycontrols.org. At this time, this signal only applies to the browser you are searching from and only includes the online sale of your personal information, unless you are logged into your AceHardware.com account. If you select "Strictly Necessary only", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services. To request the opt-out of the offline sale of personal information, please visit our Your Privacy Choices webform at AceHardware.com, call the Care Center at 1-888-827-4223 or complete a form at a California retail location. Notice of Right to Limit: Notwithstanding the purposes described above, we do not collect, use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information about consumers beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA.
Accordingly, we use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information about consumers as reasonably necessary and proportionate: (i) to perform the Services requested by you; (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct; (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our Services; (v) for compliance with our legal obligations; (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf; and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.Notice at Collection We are required to notify California residents, at or before the point of collection of their personal information, the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such personal information is used.Data RetentionWe endeavor not to collect more data than necessary to fulfill our business needs.Categories of personal information collected and disclosedGenerally, we may collect the following categories of personal information (as set forth in the CCPA) about California residents that we collect and have collected in the prior twelve (12) months, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose this personal information for a business or commercial purpose.
In some cases (such as where required by law), we may ask for consent or give you certain choices prior to collecting or using certain personal information.
California’s definition of sale is broad and encompasses many types of data transfers. However, we do not "sell" any consumer data in the traditional sense for monetary compensation.CategoriesDescriptionThird Party Disclosures for Business or Commercial PurposesIdentifiers (Name, contact info and other identifiers)Such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifiers, Internet Protocol address, email address, account number and similar identifiers.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCategories of Personal Information Described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80.Records containing Personal Information, such as name, signature, photo, contact information, education, financial or payment information.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems, and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCommercial InformationIncluding records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawInternet or Other Electronic Network Activity InformationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website or application, as well as physical and network access logs and other network activity information related to your use of any Ace device, network or other information resource.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersothers as required by lawGEOLOCATION DATA:Precise and general location information about a particular individual, vehicle or device.affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCharacteristics of Protected Classifications Under California and Federal LawSuch as race/ethnicity, gender, and sex. advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsAce storesothers as required by lawAudio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, or Similar Information.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as, CCTV/ camera/ video footage, photographs, call recordings, and other audio recording (e.g., recorded webinars).advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems, and platformsdata analytics providersothers as required by lawProfessional or Employment-related Information.Professional memberships and associations advisors and agents
affiliates and subsidiaries
regulators, government entities and law enforcement
internet service providers; operating systems and platforms
data analytics providers
Ace stores
others as required by lawEducation Information Such as degrees earned.affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInferencesSuch as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about an individual regarding her or his preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behaviors, and personality tests and profiles reflecting skill and aptitude. affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawSensitive Personal Information Such as financial account and payment information; and precise geolocation information.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsAce storesothers as required by lawCategories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information FromIn general, we may collect the personal information identified in the table above from the following categories of sources: advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesAnd others, as required by law.Verifiable Privacy Requests Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:Right of Deletion: California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them, subject to certain exemptions, and to have such personal information deleted, except where necessary for any of a list of exempt purposes.Right to Know – Right to a Copy: California residents have the right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.Right to Know – Right to Information: California residents have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information, including the:categories of personal information collectedcategories of sources which personal information was collected frombusiness and/or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing their personal informationcategories of third parties with whom we have disclosed their personal informationcategories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose, andcategories of third parties to whom the residents’ personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party.Right to Correction: To correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.Right of Portability: To obtain a copy of the personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit your personal information to another controller or business where the processing is carried out by automated means.Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you or for any business uses other than those permitted by the CCPA so no action is required.Requests to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing: California residents may submit a request to opt out of sales and sharing by:Submitting a request through our webform.Clicking the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of our website or accessing our cookie preference manager and opting out of "Sale or Share of Personal Information".Turning on "Global Privacy Control" signals through your browser, which our website shall process as a request to opt out of sales and sharing for the relevant browser and device.Submitting Requests: Requests to exercise privacy rights may be submitted on our Your Privacy Choices webform or by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" button on the bottom of AceHardware.com. Additionally, individuals may contact Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223 or complete a form in Ace stores. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.Verification of Requests:
For your protection, we may require you to log into your account to verify your identity or make requests if possible. We will only fulfill requests for personal information upon verifying your identity. In order to process requests to know, delete or correct, we require First Name, Last Name, Zip Code, Email, Phone Number and/or Ace Rewards Number, and we may ask for additional information such as recent purchases or authenticated interactions with us depending on the nature of the request and the need to prevent fraud and protect security. The information provided in the request will be compared to the data Ace maintains for that customer. If the information does not match, we will be unable to process the request.Authorized Agent Requests: An authorized agent is a person or business who has authorization to request to know what personal information we have about you, to delete the personal information we have about you, to correct the personal information we have about you, or to opt-out of the sale/sharing of personal information on behalf of a California resident. Authorized agents use the same links described above to submit requests.If you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, we require an authorization, and/or other documentation demonstrating your authority to submit this request. This can be a letter or other documentation signed by the California resident authorizing you to submit this request. Ace reserves the right to contact the consumer directly to verify their identity and ensure that they have elected an authorized agent.Right to Non-Discrimination. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA.Notice of Financial IncentiveWe provide price discounts, coupons, services and other benefits for: 1) programs such as sweepstakes, contests, or other similar promotional campaigns; (2) Acehardware.com account holders; (3) members of our Ace Rewards loyalty programs; (4) military and other discount holders; and (5) members of our mailing and email list ("Programs").
Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information, they may be interpreted as a "financial incentive" program under California law. Under California law, financial incentives "means a program, benefit, or other offering, including payments to consumers, related to the collection, deletion, or sale of personal information." Through these Programs, consumers provide us with some personal information (e.g., Name, Contact Information and Identifiers such as names, emails, phone numbers, Ace Rewards membership ID numbers, Ace account usernames and passwords, and billing and shipping addresses;
Usage Data such as cookies and analytics;
Profiles and Inferences such as birth month, demographic information, and information regarding interests and preferences; and Purchase History and Tendencies such as transaction history, payment information, and information regarding orders, etc.) when consumers opt-in to and participate in our Programs. There is no obligation to opt-in or participate in any Program, and consumers may opt-out or withdraw at any time by contacting us at the Ace Customer Care center at 1-888-827-4223.The specific details of each Program including additional information such as the specific personal information collected and details regarding the financial notice are contained in the program offering or notice. We incur expenses when providing and operating these Programs. The value to our business of any individual consumer’s personal information is based on specific facts such as whether and to what extent consumers take advantage of any Program offerings.
We do not calculate the value of consumer data in our accounting statements. We make this good faith estimate for California residents. To the extent we create overall value from our Programs to our business that could be directly or reasonably related to the value of our customer data, the method for calculating the same includes: (1) the expenses associated with the offer, provision of any financial incentive or price or service differences such as data analytics and marketing , (2) the expenses related to the collection, retention and enhancement of consumers’ personal information and (3) all other expenses reasonably related to the programs.Contact for Privacy QuestionsFor questions or concerns about the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please contact the Ace Customer Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.Additional Information for Nevada ResidentsNevada residents have the right to opt-out of our sale of their personal information. However, we do not sell Personally Identifiable Information as defined under Nevada law, so an opt-out mechanism is not required.Additional Information for Virginia ConsumersUnder the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), Virginia consumers have the right to receive certain disclosures regarding the processing of "Personal Data" as defined under the VCDPA, as well as certain rights with respect to our processing of such Personal Data.
To the extent that we collect Personal Data subject to the VCDPA, the following applies subject to certain exceptions: Virginia Disclosures: The categories of Personal Data processed by us are described above in What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It? and include precise location data, which is a considered sensitive data in Virginia, and requires your consent to process;The purpose for processing Personal Data are described above in How Personal Information Is Used for Business Purposes.The categories of Personal Data that we share with third parties, if any, are described above in Categories of Personal Information collected and disclosed.The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data are described above in Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information From.We do not "sell" Personal Data to third parties; however, we do process Personal Data for targeted advertising, and you may exercise the right to opt out of such processing as described below.Privacy RequestsYou may exercise your Virginia consumer privacy rights, subject to certain exceptions, as follows:Right to Know/Access: To confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Data and to access itRight to Correction: To correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data.Right to Deletion: To delete Personal Data provided by or obtained about you.Right of Portability: To obtain a copy of the Personal Data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit your Personal Data to another controller or business where the processing is carried out by automated means.Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising:
To opt-out of targeted advertising,Submit a request through our webform.Click the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of our website or access our cookie preference manager and opt out of "Sale or Share of Personal information".Turn on "Global Privacy Control" signals through your browser, which our website shall process as a request to opt out of sales and sharing for the relevant browser and device.To learn more about interest-based advertising (often referred to as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising) and how to manage your preferences for interest-based ads, please visit the following third-party websites:
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), please visit the DAA website at: www.aboutads.info/choices and youradchoices.com/appchoices.To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), please visit the NAI website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising across all browsers and devices, you need to make your choices in each browser and device you use. Please consult your device’s user guide or visit the Google Play Support Center or the Apple Support Center for more information on managing interest-based advertisements in a mobile environment. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your interests.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale: Under the VCDPA, a "sale" includes disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third party in exchange for money. We do not "sell" Personal Data under this definition so an opt-out is not needed.
Right to Opt-Out of Significant Profiling:
To opt out of the processing of your Personal Data by us for decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. We do not use your Personal Data for these reasons so an opt-out is not needed.Our Right to Refuse Your Request:
We may deny your request if (1) we are not reasonably capable of associating your request with the Personal Data or it would be unreasonably burdensome for us to associate your request with the Personal Data; (2) we do not use the Personal Data to recognize or respond to you specifically or associate the Personal Data with other Personal Data about you; and (3) we do not sell the Personal Data
to any third party or otherwise voluntarily disclose the Personal Data to any third party other than a processor, except as otherwise permitted under Virginia law. Right to Appeal:
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will notify you providing our reasons and instructions for how you can appeal the decision. If the appeal is denied, we will provide a way for you contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint.Deidentified Data:
In the event we share deidentified information about individuals with third parties, we commit to maintaining and using deidentified data without attempting to reidentify a Virginia consumer except as permitted by law. How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. You should check this page periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. In some cases, we may post a notice of the revision on the Services and/or send an email or other communication notifying users of the changes. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Care Department by phone at 1-888-827-4223.EMPLOYEE AND APPLICANT PRIVACY POLICYTable of ContentsWhat Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?How Do We Use Your Personal Information?How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?What is Our Data Retention?What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesThank you for your interest in employment with Ace Hardware Corporation. This Employee and Applicant Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to personal information Ace Hardware Corporation and their U.S.-based affiliates (collectively referred to as "Ace Hardware or the Company") collect in connection with applications for employment with Ace Hardware, including those submitted via our websites, or other digital interfaces. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the personal information that we collect from customers or end users of Ace Hardware Corporation’s products and services, including Applicants and Employees, in the context of their personal use of Company products and services.This Privacy Policy applies to individuals who are applying for employment with Ace Hardware within the United States. Please note this Privacy Policy does not apply to applicants for employment or employees with Ace Hardware’s retailers. The posting for the job you are applying to will tell you whether it is being offered by Ace Hardware or by a retailer. If you apply for employment with a retailer, that retailer uses your personal information pursuant to its own privacy practices. Please contact that retailer to learn more about its privacy practices.What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?We collect the personal information you provide during the application process, which may include the following:Contact information, such as your name (first, middle, last), home address/country, telephone number and email address, your birthday;Your work experience (e.g., employment history, company, location, highest level of education, major area of study, degree, GPA), professional certifications, relevant prior trainings or courses, language capabilities, your area/department/role of interest within Ace Hardware, total compensation expectation, work schedule preferences, first possible start date, the fact that you may be subject to a non-compete, applicable termination/notice periods, restrictive covenant or any other agreement that might affect your ability to accept a position and work at Ace Hardware, references, letters of recommendation, interview notes, the source you heard about the job vacancy, and availabilities to schedule an in person interview;Volunteering experience, family members who work at Ace Hardware and the nature of your relationship to them, your eligibility to work in the United States and/or your selected location, and any limitations on your eligibility to work associated with your employment sponsorship, if applicable;Optional demographic information that is not part of your application, e.g., gender, race/ethnicity, veteran status and disability, etc.;Information we need if we provide you with an offer (e.g., rate of pay, start date, job title); andThe results of other application-related assessments.You may have the option to add attachments or further information (e.g., a CV or Resume, a cover letter or message, certifications of skills, language capabilities or a letter of recommendation) which might contain additional personal information. Such attachments and further information will be treated in the same ways as other personal information you provide to us during the application process.We may collect certain additional information that is not part of your application, such as military and/or veteran status, your ability to perform expected physical requirements of the position for which you are applying, physical limitations or other medical or health-related workplace accommodations, the results of background screening searches including criminal background checks, educational background checks, drug and alcohol testing, and other pre-employment screenings.Use of Cookies and Other TechnologiesLike many online services, we may collect and store certain information automatically whenever you interact with our Careers page. For example, we may collect your IP address, browser and device information, including operating system, application software, and reference site domain name, every time you access or use the website. We may also collect information regarding traffic patterns and usage and mobile application usage data. We may use this information in combination with other information we have about you, including personal information.Ace Hardware uses cookies, which are small data files created by a web server and stored by your browser. We also use pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files. Cookies and pixel tags permit the careers page to function properly. For example, we may use cookies and other technologies to store your preferences and provide a personalized experience on the Careers page. In addition, we may use certain technologies to determine whether you have opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail, and how you use the pages and content in our websites.Ace Hardware may also use cookies and other technologies to implement analytics tools, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, that help us understand how the careers page is performing, how you engage with the careers page, and how you interact with our advertisements and communications. The personal information we collect using Google Analytics may include IP addresses and activity on the careers page. For more information on your privacy choices in connection with Google Analytics, including the Google Analytics Browser Opt-Out Add On, please visit the Google website at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.You can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to change the settings of cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of the Ace Hardware websites. Global Privacy Controls/Opt-Out Preference Signal: Certain browsers and other technologies send opt-out preference signals to a website notifying the website of your desire to stop the sale or sharing of your personal information. For more information, please see globalprivacycontrols.org. At this time, this signal only applies to the browser you are searching from and only includes the online sale of your personal information, unless you are logged into your AceHardware.com account. If you select "Strictly Necessary only", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services. To request the opt-out of the offline sale of personal information, please visit our Your Privacy Choices webform at AceHardware.com or call the Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.Click here to manage cookie settings.How Do We Use Your Personal Information?We use personal information to assess your qualifications for employment and/or other related services during the application and recruitment stage. This may include contacting you after you have applied, contacting references that you have provided as well as potentially carrying out background checks and drug screens. We may use applicant and employee information for benchmarking, analyzing, and reporting on the diversity of candidate pools, individualized reporting and analytics of statistical information, and informing and developing our recruitment. We may also contact you about any other jobs we think may be of interest to you. We also may use your personal information to comply with any applicable legal obligations or applicable Ace Hardware policies, record-keeping or reporting obligations as well as to establish, exercise or defend against any legal claims. If you are hired as an employee of Ace Hardware Corporation, we may retain and use your personal information for employment purposes.How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?In order to carry out the application and recruitment process under this Privacy Policy, your personal information may be shared with recruiters and/or other Ace Hardware employees such as your potential manager(s), members of the human resources team as well as other individuals within Ace Hardware. Your personal information also may be shared with various third parties that assist us during the recruitment process. For example, we use third party service providers to collect your personal information as well as for other services such as carrying out background checks, work-related assessments or pre-employment screenings. We may also share personal information with third parties when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required to comply with a court order, subpoena, warrant or legal process. We may also share your information in the event of a merger, acquisition, asset sale or other related transaction, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law or to protect the safety of our employees, the public or Ace Hardware’s property.We may share personal information with your education institution in order to verify your application and/or employment status at your or your institution’s request.Information We Receive from Third PartiesIf you chose a third party to submit your application for positions with Ace Hardware or to fill out your application for you, we may receive information about you, which might contain additional personal information. Such information will be treated in the same way as other personal information you provide to us during the application process.What is Our Data Retention?Ace Hardware will retain the personal information that we process pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the duration of time necessary to assess your qualifications for employment, and for the period of time thereafter as provided in our retention policies. If you are hired as an employee of Ace Hardware Corporation, we may retain and use your personal information for employment purposes. You may also elect to have your personal information remain with Ace Hardware, for example, if you continue to maintain a career profile on one of our websites.What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?We use various security measures to protect personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized access or use.What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Our websites may offer links to websites that are not run by us but by third parties. If you visit one of these linked websites, you should read the website’s privacy policy, terms and conditions, and their other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of third parties. Any information you give to those organizations is dealt with under their privacy policy, terms and conditions, and other policies.We may also have providers of other apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Careers page, such as Facebook "Like" buttons, which may also use automated methods to collect information about how you use these features. These organizations may use your information in line with their own policies.Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesPurpose of this NoticeThis California Applicant and Employee Privacy Notice (the "Applicant and Employee Notice") describes our collection and use of certain personal information relating to external job applicants, candidates for positions within Ace Hardware Corporation, and employees of Ace Hardware Corporation ("Applicants and Employees"). For California residents, this Applicant Notice describes our collection and use of certain personal information about Applicants and Employees and is intended to satisfy our applicable notice requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"). We may provide Applicants and Employees additional notices about our data collection practices that are covered by other laws (e.g., if we conduct a background check or extend an employment offer).The information in this Notice is intended to provide an overall description of our processing of Employee Personal Information. We may provide Employees additional notices about our data practices, such as those covered by other laws (e.g., if we conduct a background check). We encourage you to carefully read this Notice, together with any other privacy notice we may provide to you.Scope of this notice This Applicant and Employee Notice applies to the personal information that we may collect from and about Applicants and Employees, in the context of reviewing, assessing, considering, managing, storing, or processing their applications or otherwise considering them for a position with Company, and, if applicable, during their employment with Ace Hardware Corporation.What is personal information?In this Applicant and Employee Notice, "personal information" is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household.What isn’t covered by this notice? This Applicant and Employee Notice does not address or apply to our information practices that are not subject to the CCPA, such as:Publicly Available Information: Information that is lawfully made available from government records, information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed the information and not restricted it to a specific audience.Deidentified Information: Information that is deidentified in accordance with applicable laws.Aggregated Information: Information that relates to a group from which individual identities have been removed.Protected Health Information: Information governed by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act or California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act.Activities Covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act: This includes information we receive from consumer reporting agencies that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, e.g., information contained in background check reports we obtain as part of our pre-employment screening
process.This Applicant and Employee Notice also does not apply to the personal information that we collect from customers or end users of the Company’s products and services, including Applicants and Employees, in the context of their personal use of Company products and services (which is subject to our Ace Hardware Privacy Policy available at AceHardware.com/privacy).Are our practices the same for all Applicants and Employees? The categories of personal information we may collect, and our use of personal information may vary depending on the position(s) or location, as well as the associated qualifications and responsibilities. The information in this Applicant and Employee Notice is intended to provide an overall description of our collection and use of personal information about Applicants and Employees.Categories of personal information collected and disclosedGenerally, we may collect the following categories of personal information (as set forth in the CCPA) about Applicants and Employees that we collect and have collected in the prior twelve (12) months, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose this personal information for a business or commercial purpose.
In some cases (such as where required by law), we may ask for consent or give you certain choices prior to collecting or using certain personal information.CategoriesDescriptionThird Party Disclosures for Business or Commercial PurposesIdentifiers (Name, contact info and other identifiers)Such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifiers, Internet Protocol address, email address, account number and similar identifiers.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawSocial Security number, driver’s license number, passport number and other government identifiers.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementothers as required by lawCategories of Personal Information Described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80.Records containing Personal Information, such as name, signature, photo, contact information, education and employment history, Social Security number and other government identifiers, insurance policy number, financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawCommercial InformationIncluding records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInternet or Other Electronic Network Activity InformationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website or application, as well as physical and network access logs and other network activity information related to your use of any Ace Hardware device, network or other information resource.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawOther InformationThird-party drug and alcohol screening test results, information required by the U.S. Department of Transportation for commercial drivers, including but not limited to motor vehicle reports, violation and accident history, and drug and alcohol testing results.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawGEOLOCATION DATA:Precise and general location information about a particular individual, vehicle, or device.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawCharacteristics of Protected Classifications Under California and Federal LawSuch as such as race/ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sex, veteran status, disability, national origin, military/veteran status and other characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law. (Note: generally, this information is collected on a voluntary basis, and is used in support of our equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion efforts and reporting obligations or where otherwise required by law. )advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawAudio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, or Similar Information.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as, CCTV/ camera/ video footage, voice picking, photographs, call recordings, and other audio recording (e.g., recorded webinars), and thermal screenings.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawProfessional or Employment-related Information.Such as performance information, professional membership records, references, assessment records, resumes, cover letters and work history, attendance records, conduct information (including disciplinary and grievance records), and termination data.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawEducation Information Such as degrees earned, educational institutions attended, transcripts, training records and other information about your educational history or background that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Actadvisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInferencesSuch as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about an individual regarding their preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behaviors, and personality tests and profiles reflecting skill and aptitude. advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawSensitive Personal Information Such as: (a) Social Security number and other government identifiers; (b) financial account and payment information (e.g., for direct deposit purposes); (c) racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation (e.g., on a voluntary basis to support of our equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion efforts and reporting obligations, or where otherwise required by law, or union membership); (d) health information (e.g., as necessary to provide reasonable accommodations); and (e) precise geolocation information.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawWe do not sell (as defined by the CCPA) Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information related to Applicants and Employees, including those we know who are under the age of 16.Sources of Personal InformationIn general, we may collect the Personal Information identified in the table above from the following categories of sources:Directly from you and your deviceRecruiters and recruiting platformsReferrals and referencesFormer employersOther employeesPublicly available informationService providers, representatives and agentsAffiliates and subsidiariesPurposes for collecting, using, disclosing, and processing personal information: Generally, we may use the above categories of personal information for the following purposes:Recruiting, Hiring and Managing, and Evaluating Applicants and Employees. To review, assess, recruit, consider or otherwise manage Applicants and job applications, including:Scheduling and conducting interviews;Identifying Applicants, including by working with external recruiters;Reviewing, assessing and verifying information provided, to conduct criminal and background checks (where relevant and pursuant to applicable law), conduct pre-employment drug tests, and to otherwise screen or evaluate Applicants’ qualifications, suitability and relevant characteristics;Extending offers, negotiating the terms of offers, and assessing salary and compensation matters;Satisfying legal and regulatory obligations;Communicating with Applicants regarding their applications and about other similar position(s) for which they may be interested;Maintaining Applicant personal information for future consideration;Supporting our Equal Employment Opportunity policy and practices;Monitoring for, preventing and investigating suspected or alleged misconduct or violations of work rules;Monitoring for, preventing, investigating, and responding to security and privacy incidents;Providing and managing access to physical and technical access controls;Monitoring activities, access and use to ensure the security and functioning of our systems and assets; andSecuring our offices, premises and physical assets, including through the use of electronic access systems and video monitoring.Management of the employment relationship to manage our relationship with Applicants and Employees, including related to:hiring, terminations, relocation, transfers, promotions and disciplinary actions;conducting performance reviews, compensation and bonus reviews, and headcount and salary reviews;providing training and career development;tracking attendance, employee ID and badge swipe activity, time entries and working hours;administering and monitoring compliance with our policies and procedures;maintaining records of emergency contact information for use in the event of an emergency;administering or performing employment contracts where applicable;conducting pre-employment and employment screening;for professional development and training purposes and to ensure you have and maintain the correct qualifications and skills to perform your role and identify any future training needs;verification and management of identity, credentials, work visas, licensing, memberships and other qualifications;facilitating communication and collaboration, such as through the corporate directory and employee bios; andin support of our equal opportunity employment policy and diversity and inclusion program, including monitoring and reporting on equal opportunity and equal pay.Compensation and benefits: relating to our administration of payroll, compensation and benefits, including:administering payroll, salary and compensation and travel and expense reimbursement; administering pensions, IRAs and 401K, health insurance, medical plans, and other employee benefits (which may include the collection of Personal Information about others such as beneficiaries);salary, bonus and compensation analysis; calculating deductions, issuing tax return-related documents and forms to employees;reviewing timecards and reported time worked; andmonitoring and managing vacation, paid sick time, holiday, FMLA, and other leaves of absences.Business operations and client services: relating to the organization and operation of our business and our performance of services to clients, including related to:operating our business by developing, producing, marketing, selling and providing goods and services;working with Ace stores, which may not be owned by Ace Hardware;providing after-sales services to clients;auditing and assessing performance and business operations, including client services and associated activities;training and quality control;satisfying client reporting and auditing obligations;facilitating business development opportunities, as relevant; andfacilitating communications in furtherance of the foregoing.Security and monitoring: to monitor and secure our resources, network, premises and assets, including: to detect, prevent, investigate and respond to suspected or alleged misconduct or violations of Company policies and work rules;to detect, prevent, investigate and respond to security and privacy incidents;managing physical and technical access controls;maintaining and reviewing access and activity logs and records; andto ensure the security and functioning of our systems and assets, and secure our offices, premises and physical assets, including through the use of electronic access systems and video monitoring.Health and safety: for health and safety purposes, such as contact tracing or including conducting appropriate screenings of Applicants and Employees prior to entering or accessing certain locations or premises.Auditing, Accounting and Corporate Governance. Relating to financial, tax and accounting audits and assessments of our business operations, security controls, financial controls, or compliance with legal obligations, and for other internal business purposes such as administration of our records retention program.M&A and Other Business Transactions. For purposes of planning, due diligence and implementation of commercial transactions (e.g., mergers, acquisitions, asset sales or transfers, bankruptcy or reorganization or other similar business transactions).Defending and Protecting Rights. In order to protect and defend our rights and interests and those of third parties, including to manage and respond to legal claims or disputes, and to otherwise establish, defend or protect our rights or interests, health or safety of others, including in the context of anticipated or actual litigation with third parties.Compliance with Applicable Legal Obligations. Relating to compliance with applicable legal obligations (such as hiring eligibility, responding to subpoenas and court orders) as well as assessments, reviews and reporting related to such legal obligations, including under employment and labor laws and regulations, social security and tax laws, environmental regulations, workplace safety laws and regulations, and other applicable laws, regulations, opinions and guidance.Sensitive Personal InformationNotwithstanding the purposes described above, we do not collect, use or disclose of Sensitive Personal Information about Applicants and Employees beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA.
Accordingly, we use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information about Applicants and Employees as reasonably necessary and proportionate: (i) to perform the services requested by you; (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct; (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our services; (v) for compliance with our legal obligations; (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf; and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.
Your California Privacy Rights California Applicants and Employees have certain rights under the CCPA with respect to their Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions.Right to Delete: the right to request deletion of their Personal Information that we have collected about you.Right to Know/Access: the right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.Right to Correct: the right to request correction of inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you.Right to Opt-out of Sales and Sharing: the right to opt-out of the sale and sharing of their Personal Information. However, as discussed above we do not sell or share Applicant or Employee Personal Information. Under the CCPA, California residents may have the right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Information. California CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available to a third-party Personal Information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and "sharing" broadly includes disclosing or making available Personal Information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, if you apply to an open position on our website, we may "sell" or "share" (as defined by the CCPA), the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers and Internet or Other Electric Network Activity Information. We "sell" or "share" these categories to third-party advertising networks, analytics providers, and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not sell or share any Personal Information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. To opt out from the sharing or sale of Personal Information, please click on the "Your Privacy Choices" link on the bottom of the website homepage.Global Privacy Controls: You also have the right to opt-out of "sales" and "sharing" of your Personal Information through the use of an opt-out preference signal. If our Site detects that your browser or device is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the "global privacy control"—or GPC— signal, we will opt that browser or device out of cookies on our Site that result in a "sale" or "sharing" of your Personal Information. If you come to our Site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device as well.Right to Limit Use/Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: the right to request the limitation of certain uses and disclosures of Sensitive Personal Information if we are inferring characteristics about you.Right to No Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.How do I submit a CCPA request?Applicants and employees may be able to exercise many of these rights themselves by logging into the Applicant and Employee portal. Otherwise, to submit a request to Ace Hardware to exercise your CCPA rights, you or your authorized agent may submit a privacy request through our Your Privacy Choices webform or by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" button on the bottom of Careers.AceHardware.com. Additionally, individuals may contact the Ace Care Center at 1-888-827-4223. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California consumers as required by law. We will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. Your request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative (i.e., by completing all required fields on our webform if you choose to submit a request in that manner).In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request.
Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual through one of the above methods; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant employee directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.Notice to California residents under 18 years of ageIf you are a registered user of online services under the age of 18, and we have actual knowledge of your age, then under California law you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information you have posted on our online services. To do so, please contact us at the address, phone number or email address mentioned within this Privacy Policy. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content. For example, removal may not be possible or permitted if another provision of law requires the content to be maintained, if it was posted or reposted by others, or if we paid compensation to you in exchange for the posting.How do I contact you with questions about this Employee and Applicant Notice? If you have any questions or concerns regarding our use of personal information as described in this Applicant and Employee Notice, please contact HRCalPrivacy@acehardware.com or call the Ace Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?This Privacy Policy is in effect as of the date noted at the top of the Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will post the revised version here and change the "last updated date" (the date it applies from) at the top of the Privacy Policy. You should check here regularly for the most up-to-date version of the Privacy Policy.Terms of UseLast Updated January 14, 2022
Ace Hardware Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "Ace" or "we" or "us") are pleased to offer you our websites, mobile applications, and other online, digital and mobile services, applications and platforms that link to these Terms of Use or on which these Terms of Use appear, as well as the content, features, and software available on them (collectively, the "Online Services"). These Terms of Use form an agreement between Ace and you and set forth the terms and conditions upon which we make the Online Services available to you. You must be 18 or older to use the Online Services.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE ONLINE SERVICES. THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING AN ARBITRATION PROVISION, WAIVERS OF CLASS ACTIONS AND JURY TRIALS, AND LIMITATIONS ON ACE’S LIABILITY. YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES CONFIRMS YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THE ONLINE SERVICES.
Note for Non-U.S. Visitors: The Online Services and the products and services offered on the Online Services are intended only for residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia and are not directed to individuals residing outside the United States. If you reside outside the United States, do not access or use the Online Services.
Privacy. Ace's Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Online Services and is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.
Additional Terms. Additional policies, guidelines, FAQs, rules, click-through agreements, and other terms and conditions may apply to certain portions of the Online Services or certain content, features, products, and services available on the Online Services (collectively, "Additional Terms"). These Additional Terms include, without limitation:
o	Ace Rewards® Program Terms and Conditionso	Ace Gift Card Terms and Conditions (see card for Terms and Conditions) o	Customer Service policies, including our 30 Day Return Policy
o	Official Rules for contests and sweepstakes
The Additional Terms, which are made part of these Terms of Use by this reference, are intended to supplement, not replace, these Terms of Use. However, to the extent of any conflict between any applicable Additional Terms and these Terms of Use, the Additional Terms will prevail. The Additional Terms may be modified from time to time. Modified versions of the Additional Terms shall be effective immediately upon posting.
Modification of Terms of Use. We may revise these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of these Terms of Use will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. You should check this page regularly to see if any recent changes to these Terms of Use have occurred. In some cases, we may post a notice of the revision on the Online Services and/or send an email or other communication notifying users of the changes. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of our Online Services after we post a revised version of the Terms of Use, you agree to the Terms of Use as modified.
Modification of Cancellation of Online Services.
We reserve the right at any time with or without notice to modify or terminate the Online Services, or any portion thereof.
Products, Pricing, Orders. The products and services offered on the Online Services (collectively, the "Products") and the features, contents, specifications, availability, and prices of the Products are subject to change at any time without notice. Product pricing varies and is determined by your location, as derived from your IP address or a location that you provide, or by the advertisement or marketing channel that directed you to the Online Services. In addition, pricing for Products offered on the Online Services may differ from prices available in Ace Hardware stores. Except as otherwise noted in these Terms of Use, Ace is the merchant of record for the Products you purchase on the Online Services. You agree to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any Product. By placing an order, you represent that the Products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a Product. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any Product, to reject any order, and/or to cancel any order at any time. We may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. Please see our Customer Service policies for additional information regarding purchases, including information regarding payment options, taxes, discount codes, online redemption of Ace Rewards, order tracking, cancellation, and fulfillment, communications regarding your order, Product recalls, and our 30 Day Return Policy. Although the Online Services may display advertisements by, and links to websites maintained by, independently owned and operated Ace Hardware stores, Ace is not responsible for the contents of such advertisements and/or websites and Ace is not the seller or merchant of record for any products or services offered on such websites.
Assembly, Shipping, Delivery and Store Pickup. Subject to the limitations and restrictions of the
Online Services, the limitations, restrictions, and terms described in the Customer Service policies, and the payment of any applicable charges, when an order is placed using the Online Services, you have the following options:
Assembly
If assembly is available, you may elect to have select Products assembled by a participating Ace Hardware store. Assembly is not available on all Products. The local Ace Hardware store providing the assembly services is the merchant of record for such services and you must file any claims related to the assembly services, including claims for improper assembly or Products damaged during assembly, directly with the store. ACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO, ASSEMBLY SERVICES. For more information on Product assembly, please review our Customer Service policies.
Ship to Home
If shipping is available, you may have the Product(s) shipped by carrier to an address in the United States designated by you, as long as that shipping address is compliant with our applicable shipping restrictions and the Product is shipped either to you at your address or to a bona fide gift recipient at their address. Ship by carrier is not available if you purchase Product assembly. Shipment of Products by carrier is made pursuant to a shipment contract. Risk of loss for and title to such Products will pass to you upon delivery of the Products to the carrier. You are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments.
For more information on shipment by carrier, please review our Customer Service policies.
Store Pickup
If store pickup is available, you may pick up the Product(s) at a participating local Ace Hardware store, as indicated in the Online Services. Risk of loss for and title to such Products will pass to you when you pick up the Products from the designated participating Ace Hardware store. For more information on store pickup, please review our Customer Service policies. Resellers may not have their customers pick up Products from an Ace Hardware store.
Delivery from Store
If delivery is available, you may have the Product(s) delivered by a participating local Ace Hardware store to an address designated by you, as long as that delivery address is compliant with our applicable delivery from store restrictions and the Product is delivered to you at your address or to a bona fide gift recipient at their address. Risk of loss for and title to such Products will pass to you upon the local Ace Hardware store's delivery of the items at the designated delivery address. The local Ace Hardware store providing the delivery services is the merchant of record for such services and you must file any claims related to the delivery services, including claims for damaged and/or lost deliveries, directly with the store. ACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO, DELIVERY SERVICES. For more information on store pickup, please review our Customer Service policies.
Ace, and each local Ace Hardware store providing Products, assembly and/or delivery services, may cancel any order at any time for any reason. Assembly, delivery, shipping, and store pickup of Products is limited to the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia.
Ace does not permit acehardware.com to be used by resellers as a drop ship supplier. Resellers are prohibited from (i) using acehardware.com to ship or deliver Products to their customers, (ii) having their customers pick up Products in an Ace Hardware store; and (iii) using the Ace name, logo, and trademarks in any manner in connection with reseller’s business, including without limitation, failure to remove materials referencing Ace, such as packing slips, prior to shipping Products to customers. For information on B2B purchasing options available to resellers, please visit our B2B page.
Product Information. Ace attempts to ensure that information regarding the Products is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, such information may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date and we make no representation regarding such information. For example, Products may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may carry a different price than that stated on the Online Services. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. Product colors may vary we do not guarantee that colors will be accurately displayed.
License to Use the Online Services. Conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms of Use, Ace grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access, use and display the Online Services solely for your non-commercial personal use and for no other purpose. Ace’s mobile applications are subject to the additional license terms and conditions set forth in the "Mobile Applications" section below. We reserve all rights in and to the Online Services not expressly granted to you under these Terms of Use. You may not modify the information or materials located on the Online Services in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such materials for any public or commercial purpose. You may not use the Online Services if you are the subject of sanctions under U.S. law.
Copyrights and Trademarks. The design of the Online Services and all text, images, graphics, information, content, software, and other material displayed on or available through the Online Services are the property of either Ace or its licensors, are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws, and may not be copied or used (including in "meta-tags" or "hidden text") except as permitted in these Terms of Use or with the prior written permission of the owner of such material. Certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on the Online Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of Ace. Other trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on the Online Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of third parties. Nothing contained on the Online Services grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed on the Online Services without the written permission of Ace or such third party owner, as applicable.
Accounts; Security. Some portions of the Online Services may permit or require you to create or maintain an account. You agree to provide accurate and complete information when you create an account and promptly update such information to keep it accurate. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer or device. You may not permit others to use your account and you may not use anyone else's account at any time. Nevertheless, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account and we may rely on the authority of anyone accessing your account or using your username and password. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Ace shall not be liable for any damages resulting from any compromise of the confidentiality of your account or password and/or any unauthorized access to your account or use of your username and password. Please see our Customer Service policies for additional information on opening and managing your account. Please note that your online account is separate from your Ace Rewards account, but you may choose to link the two accounts to earn points and redeem rewards for purchases on the Online Services.
For more information about the Ace Rewards program, please review the Ace Rewards Program Terms and Conditions.
Account Termination and Suspension. You may terminate your account at any time by contacting Ace’s customer care department by phone at 888-827-4223. Ace may suspend or terminate your account or your use of the Online Services at any time for any reason without notice. In addition, Ace may take any and all actions we deem necessary or reasonable to help ensure the security or integrity of the Online Services and your account. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination or suspension.
Third Party Links. From time to time, the Online Services may contain links to websites, applications, platforms or services that are not owned, operated or controlled by Ace ("Third-Party Services"). If you use links to Third-Party Services, including links to websites operated by Ace Hardware stores, you will leave the Online Services. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you and your use any Third-Party Services is entirely at your own risk. Ace is not responsible for and does not endorse or guarantee any Third-Party Services, or any products, services, content, or other information available on any Third-Party Services.
Prohibited Conduct. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. You also agree in relation to the Online Services not to: (i) access or attempt to access any information or material by working around any technical features that limit your use of or access to the Online Services; (ii) disrupt, interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to the Online Services or any servers or networks; (iii) infringe any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights; (iv) post or otherwise submit any harmful or disruptive software or files, including viruses, spyware and ransomware; (v) disrupt, interfere or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Online Services; (vi) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (vii) use any robot, spider, or other programmatic or automatic device, including automated dial-in or inquiry devices, to obtain information from the Online Services or otherwise monitor or copy any portion of the Online Services; (viii) prepare, compile, scrape, harvest, download or otherwise use or copy any information from the Online Services, or transmit, provide or otherwise distribute (whether or not for a fee) such information to any third party; (ix) transmit spam or other unsolicited or bulk communications; (x) create or use a false identity or contact information for the purpose of misleading Ace or others; or (xi) violate the rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or abuse, defame, harass, stalk or threaten another. In addition to any remedies that Ace may have at law or in equity, if Ace reasonably determines that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, Ace may take any action Ace deems necessary or advisable to cure or prevent the violation. Ace will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing Ace to disclose the identity of anyone violating the foregoing prohibitions.
User Generated Content. The Online Services may offer opportunities to post ratings, reviews, comments, photos, and other content (collectively "User Generated Content"). Your User Generated Content must be truthful and accurate and must not be illegal or violate these Terms of Use (including the provisions regarding prohibited conduct). Your User Generated Content must not be obscene, vulgar, or otherwise injurious or objectionable. In addition, your User Generated Content must not contain political campaigning, commercial solicitation, URLs, or any form of contact information. You may not mislead as to the origin of any User Generated Content. Please remember that your User Generated Content may be publicly available and we are under no obligation to treat it as confidential. You must disclose in your User Generated Content (i) If Ace or our representatives provided you with a product, prize, compensation, or anything of value, or (ii) if you are an Ace employee or supplier or are otherwise connected to Ace. Any opinions, advice, or statements contained in User Generated Content are those of the respective authors, not Ace and Ace is not responsible or liable for User Generated Content posted by you or any other user. We shall have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any User Generated Content. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, not post and/or remove any User Generated Content for any reason. You hereby grant Ace a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, print, transmit, translate, index, create derivative works from, distribute, display and otherwise exploit your User Generated Content throughout the world in any media or format, now known or hereinafter devised, without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any third party. You hereby grant Ace, and any party authorized by Ace, the right to use the screen name or other name that you submit in connection with such User Generated Content, if we or they choose. You represent and warrant (i) that you own or otherwise control all of the rights in and to your User Generated Content and have all permissions necessary to grant the above licenses; and (ii) that your User Generated Content does not violate these Terms of Use.
Idea Submissions. Unless expressly invited in writing by Ace (for example, in order to participate in a contest), you agree not to submit any suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, or methods for new, proposed, or improved services, products, or processes ("Submissions") through the Online Services.
However, should you do so, you hereby grant Ace, its affiliates, and/or their designees a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use the content of such Submissions in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever, including reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing, merchandising, and/or marketing.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Policy. Ace respects the intellectual property rights of others, and ask you to do the same. It is our policy to terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe the copyright rights of others. If you believe that your work has been posted on our Online Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us at the address below and provide the following information: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, and identification of the URL or other specific location on the Online Services where the material that you claim is infringing is located; (3) your address, telephone number, and email address; (4) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Ace’s designated agent for notice of copyright infringement is:
General Counsel
Ace Hardware Corporation
2200 Kensington Court
Oak Brook, IL 60523
Phone: 630-990-8974
Email: copyright@acehardware.com
WARRANTY; DISCLAIMERS. YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES IS AT YOUR RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (i) THE ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; and (ii) ACE DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE ONLINE SERVICES. THE ONLINE SERVICES MAY BE OUT OF DATE AND ACE DOES NOT MAKE ANY COMMITMENT OR ASSUME ANY DUTY TO UPDATE THE ONLINE SERVICES. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES ARE SUBJECT ONLY TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTIES OF THEIR RESPECTIVE MANUFACTURERS, IF ANY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ACE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED OR SOLD ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ACE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT DEFECT OR FAILURE, CLAIMS THAT ARE DUE TO NORMAL WEAR, PRODUCT MISUSE, PRODUCT ABUSE, PRODUCT MODIFICATION, IMPROPER PRODUCT SELECTION, NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ANY CODES, OR MISAPPROPRIATION. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES TO THOSE DEFINED AS "CONSUMERS" IN THE MAGNUSON-MOSS WARRANTY-FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION IMPROVEMENTS ACT. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (i)
ACE, ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT, MOBILE DEVICES OR OTHER PROPERTY CAUSED BY OR ARISING FROM YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION, OR USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR BROWSING THE ONLINE SERVICES OR YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION, OR USE OF ANY SOFTWARE, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS FROM THE ONLINE SERVICES; (ii) IN NO EVENT WILL ACE, ACE RETAILERS, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, OR ANY WEBSITE, APPLICATION, OR ONLINE OR DIGITAL SITE OR SERVICE LINKED TO THE ONLINE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THE ONLINE SERVICES. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCTS THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS FROM THE MANUFACTURER OF SUCH PRODUCTS, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, OR TO SEEK A RETURN AND REFUND FOR SUCH PRODUCTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH OUR 30 DAY RETURN POLICY AVAILABLE IN OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE POLICIES.
Dispute Resolution; Arbitration; Prohibition of Class Actions.
YOU AND ACE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE AT LAW OR EQUITY THAT HAS ARISEN OR MAY ARISE BETWEEN US IN CONNECTION WITH THE ONLINE SERVICES OR ANY PRODUCT OFFERED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND ACE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED. You and Ace agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Ace in connection with the Online Services, including, without limitation, any Products offered or sold on the Online Services and your use of the Online Services, shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration; provided that either party may file suit in court seeking to enjoin infringement, misappropriation or misuse of its intellectual property rights. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's Rules and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings are available on the AAA's website at:
www.adr.org. The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or Ace may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. You and Ace agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Ace agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect other person or party. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS. The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.
Choice of Law.
These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. A printed version of these Terms of Use shall be admissible in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Indemnity. You agree indemnify and hold harmless Ace, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, members, employees, and agents (collectively, the "Ace Indemnitees"), from and against any claims, demands, liabilities, losses or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, made against or incurred by the Ace Indemnitees arising out of or in connection with your breach of the Terms of Use, your User Generated Content or your use of the Online Services.
Mobile Applications.
Apple® ("Apple") mobile devices (including iPhone®, iPad®, and iPod touch® mobile digital devices): By downloading, installing, or using an Ace mobile application available through the App StoreSM store for your Apple mobile device (the "Licensed Ace Application for iOS"), you agree that your use of such Licensed Ace Application for iOS is subject to and governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions (available at: http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html#APPS), including the Licensed Application End User License Agreement. In addition, you agree that Licensor (as defined in the Licensed Application End User License Agreement) and its vendors may collect, store, and use information obtained from you or your device, including geolocation information and push notification preferences consistent with your authorization(s), to provide services related to the Licensed Ace Application for iOS. If there is any conflict between the Apple Terms and Conditions, and these Terms and Conditions, the Apple Terms and Conditions will control with respect to your use of a Licensed Ace Application for iOS.
Android™ mobile devices: By downloading, installing, or using an Ace mobile application through the Google Play™ store for your Android mobile device (the "Licensed Ace Application for Android"), you agree that your use of such Licensed Ace Application for Android is subject to and governed by terms and conditions of the following Licensed Ace Application for Android End User License Agreement:
LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
The Licensed Ace Application for Android is licensed, not sold, to you by Ace Hardware Corporation ("Licensor"). Your license to the Licensed Ace Application for Android is subject to your prior acceptance of this Licensed Application End User License Agreement ("EULA"), and you agree that the terms of this EULA will apply to each Licensed Ace Application for Android that you license. Licensor reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Ace Application for Android not expressly granted to you under this EULA.
a. Scope of License: This license granted to you for the Licensed Ace Application for Android by Licensor is limited to a nontransferable license to use the Licensed Ace Application for Android on any Android mobile device ("Android Device(s)") that you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules set forth in Google Play Terms of Service (available at: https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/play-terms.html) (the "Google Play Terms"). Licensor makes no representation or warranty that the Licensed Ace Application for Android will run or function properly on all Android Devices. This license does not allow you to use the Licensed Application on any Android Device that you do not own or control and you may not distribute or make the Licensed Ace Application for Android available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer redistribute, or sublicense the Licensed Ace Application for Android and, if you sell your Android Device to a third party, you must remove the Licensed Ace Application for Android from the Android Device before doing so. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license), decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Ace Application for Android, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the Licensed Ace Application for Android). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of the Licensor and its licensors. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. The terms of this license will govern any upgrades provided by Licensor that replace and/or supplement the original Licensed Ace Application for Android, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.
b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Licensor and its vendors may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Ace Application for Android. Licensor may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you. In addition, you agree that Licensor and its vendors may collect, store, and use information obtained from you or your device, including geolocation information and push notification preferences consistent with your authorization(s), to provide services related to the Licensed Ace Application for Android.
c. Termination. The license is effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice from the Licensor if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, you shall cease all use of the Licensed Ace Application for Android and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Ace Application for Android.
d. External Services; Third-Party Materials. The Licensed Ace Application for Android may enable access to Licensor's and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually, "External Services"). Use of the External Services requires Internet access and use of certain External Services requires you to accept additional terms. You agree to use the External Services at your sole risk and that neither the Licensor nor its agents shall have any liability to you for any External Services. Certain External Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties ("Third Party Materials") or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the External Services, you acknowledge and agree that neither the Licensor nor its agents is responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Neither the Licensor nor its agents warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any third-party services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Location data provided by any External Services is for basic navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Neither the Licensor, nor its agents, nor any of its content providers guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data or any other data displayed by any External Services. You agree that the External Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is owned by Licensor and/or its agents or licensors, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the External Services or in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this EULA or that infringes any intellectual property rights of a third party. No portion of the External Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the External Services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the External Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, using the External Services to transmit any computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the External Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that neither Licensor nor its agents is in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive, infringing or illegal messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using any of the External Services. In addition, External Services and Third Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or linked to from the Android Devices are not available in all languages or in all countries or regions. Licensor makes no representation that such External Services and Materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use or access such External Services and Materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws. Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any External Services at any time without notice. In no event will Licensor be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such External Services. Licensor may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain External Services, in any case and without notice or liability.
e. NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
f. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION for Android, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor's total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
g. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Ace Application for Android except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Ace Application for Android was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Ace Application for Android may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Ace Application for Android, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law.
h. The Licensed Ace Application for Android and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
Miscellaneous.
No delay or failure by Ace to enforce any of these Terms of Use shall be a waiver of any of our rights under these Terms of Use. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision(s) of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein. Headings and captions are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of these Terms of Use. Any reference to the term "including" means "including, without limitation." All references to currency are stated in United States dollars. You may not use or export the Online Services, or any portion thereof, or any Product offered on the Online Services in violation of applicable law, including U.S. laws and regulations related to exports.
Additional Assistance. If you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact Ace’s customer care department by phone at 888-827-4223.
Online Security & SafetyFraud Information & AwarenessConsumers are frequently targeted by criminals using reputable brands to compromise sensitive information.  To help protect customers, we are providing the following fraud prevention information.   Safety TipsIf you're unsure if a phone call or email is really from the company it claims to be, call the number from their legitimate website. Do not call the number that initially called you or one provided in the email.Look closely at the sender's email address and embedded URL's. More sophisticated scammers will create fake domains and websites that look nearly identical to the legitimate business.Hover your mouse over a link to see the embedded URL. Do not click on the link if the address is different than the display text.Be suspicious of unsolicited emails, phone calls, or text messages asking for personal or financial information.Never respond to emails or texts from someone you don't know or whose identity you can't confirm.Never provide personal or financial information unless you are certain of the identity of the person or business that is contacting you.Never open suspicious attachments or links.Never send money or other type of monetary payment to someone you don't know.Do not deposit a check that is sent to you with instructions to wire money back to the sender or a 3rd party. Banks are required by law to make deposited check funds available within days and identifying a fake check can take several weeks. If a check you deposit turns out to be fraudulent, you will be responsible for paying the bank back.Regularly monitor your financial statements to detect any fraudulent charges. If an unauthorized charge is made to your account, immediately contact your bank or account provider.Common Email ScamsPhishing EmailsPhishing emails attempt to entice you to click on a link that will take you to a fraudulent website that may seem legitimate. The site may ask you to "login" with your user ID and password so the scammer can then use your login credentials to take over your real account. You may also be asked to input personal or financial information that could expose you to future compromises, financial losses, and/or identity theft. The website could also contain malicious code or the email itself may have an attachment that installs malware on your device.Phishing emails may use Ace Hardware’s name and/or logo to make it appear legitimate.Reward for Completing a SurveyThese phishing emails claim they will send a free gift in exchange for completing a survey.   Once the survey is completed, you will be asked to provide payment information for shipping and handling.  Upon doing so, your payment information will be compromised by the fraud subjects.  Ace Hardware will never ask customers for payment information as part of any survey or promotion.If you receive a phishing survey email report it to fraud@acehardware.com and delete the email.  Please be sure to include the phishing email as an attachment when reporting fraud.Free Gift Card or Prize GiveawayThese phishing emails claim they are offering a free gift as part of a giveaway. Ace Hardware does not offer these types of promotions and we do not contact our customers through unsolicited email campaigns.Order ConfirmationYou will only receive an order confirmation email if you completed an order on AceHardware.com. If you did not place an order, the email is a scam; the perpetrators are expecting you to be concerned and click on a link in the email without considering its legitimacy. If you would like to see if an order was placed using your account, sign in directly using the Ace Hardware App or go to AceHardware.com.Gift Card ScamsAce Hardware gift cards can only be used at Ace Hardware stores and on AceHardware.com and cannot be used to purchase other prepaid or specialty gift cards. No legitimate government entity, including the IRS, Treasury Department, FBI, or local police department, will accept any form of gift cards as payment. Do not search your gift card balance within search engines. Only check your balance at https://acehardware.wgiftcard.com/rbc/acehardware or on the Ace Hardware mobile app.Under no circumstances should you provide a gift card number and PIN over the phone or email to an unknown person. The unknown person may try to trick you into buying gift cards and giving them the cards’ account numbers and PINs, which they may then try to use without your knowledge. Never share gift card account numbers or PINs from the back of the card with someone you don’t know.Common Gift Card ScamsIRS/Government ScamScammers call and claim that they are the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Social Security Administration (SSA) or another government agency and that the victim owes that agency money. Sometimes the scammers say that the victim will lose their house or will be arrested if they don’t pay immediately. The scammers then instruct the victims to purchase gift cards and give them the gift card numbers over the phone.If you owe federal taxes, or think you might owe taxes, hang up and call the IRS at 1-800-829-1040. IRS workers can help you with your payment questions.If you don’t owe taxes, call and report the incident to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 1-800-366-4484.You can also file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission at ftc.gov. Add "IRS Telephone Scam" to the comments in your complaint.Tech Support ScamPerpetrators of tech support scams try to trick victims into believing their computers are infected and they need help. Some scammers pretend to be associated with Microsoft, Apple or a familiar security software company such as Norton or McAfee and claim to have detected malware that poses an imminent threat to the person’s computer. Such scammers will often ask for remote access to your computer to run phony diagnostic tests and pretend to discover defects in need of fixing. They’ll pressure you to pay for unnecessary repairs or new software and ask for payment via gift cards.SMS (Text Message) PhishingLike its email-based counterpart, text message phishing (usually referred to as SMS (Short Message System) phishing or "smishing") uses social engineering tactics to gain access to private information. It may also use Ace Hardware’s name or logo to make it appear legitimate.Free Gift Card or PrizeMessages of this nature claim they are offering a free prize as part of a giveaway. Ace Hardware does not participate in these types of promotions, and we do not contact our customers through unsolicited text message campaigns.Reward for Completing a SurveyThese messages are similar to the previous example, except they claim they will send a gift in exchange for completing a survey. Customer survey requests that are validly from Ace Hardware are offered at the bottom of an in-store purchase receipt or sent via email to customers who make a Ship to Store or AceHardware.com order.Order ConfirmationIf you place an order on Ace Hardware.com, an order confirmation and receipt will only be sent to you electronically via email and never in a text. If you receive this type of message, you shouldn't open any links or respond and delete it immediately. The perpetrators are expecting you to be concerned and click on a link without considering its legitimacy.If you would like to see if an order was placed using your account, sign in directly using the Ace Hardware app or go to acehardware.comHow to Report Scams/FraudTo report it directly to Ace Hardware by submitting this form.To report it to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), forward the email to spam@uce.gov or visit their website ftc.gov.To report it to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG), forward the email to reportphishing@apwg.org.Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last revised on and is effective as of 2/16/2023.What Does this Privacy Policy Include?What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?How Personal Information Is Used for Business PurposesBusiness-to-Business AccountsSMS/MMS Mobile MessagingWhat Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want to Receive Promotional Communications?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media or Product Review Features?What About Contests and Sweepstakes?Is Personal Information Collected from Children?Additional Information for California ResidentsNotice of Financial IncentiveAdditional Information for Nevada ResidentsAdditional Information for Virginia ResidentsEmployee and Applicant Privacy PolicyWhat Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?How Do We Use Your Personal Information?How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?What is Our Data Retention?What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesHow Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?This Privacy Policy forms part of your legal agreement with Ace Hardware Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "Ace", "we", "our", or "us") under Ace's Terms of Use, available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use. Ace stores may also be authorized to use your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of the Services (as defined below) or by submitting personal information to us in a manner governed by this Privacy Policy, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.Our Services may contain links to other websites, applications or services operated by others. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications, or services, including websites, applications or services operated by Ace stores, most of which are independently owned and operated, although some may be owned by Ace affiliates.What Does the Privacy Policy Include?Services are defined as:
Online Services: certain online services provided by us that link to this Privacy Policy or on which this Privacy Policy appears, as well as the content, features, and software available on them, including online communications through or related to the Online Services, Offline Services: certain offline services including but not limited to offline communications through our Customer Care Department in connection with the Online Services, Ace Rewards, and Business-to-Business accounts, Ace Rewards: both in-store through point-of-sale systems and via the Online Services, Business-to-Business accounts,Our SavingSource programs, andCommunications with Prospective Retailers. By using the Online Services, you are agreeing to the Terms of Use available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use, which are incorporated by reference.Additional Terms. Additional policies, guidelines, FAQs, rules, click-through agreements, and other terms and conditions may apply to certain portions of the Online Services or certain content, features, products, and services available on the Online Services (collectively, "Additional Terms"). These Additional Terms include, without limitation:Ace Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions available at www.acehardware.com/rewards-termsAce Gift Card Terms and Conditions available at www.acehardware.com/customer-service?page=gift-cardsCustomer Service policies available at www.acehardware.com/customer-service, including our 30-Day Return Policy andOfficial Rules for contests and sweepstakes provided at the time you apply.What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?We may collect personal information to deliver the products and Services you request, to help improve your shopping experience, to support our business functions and in a variety of ways when you interact with Ace stores and Services.What Personal Information Do We Collect?We may collect the following categories of personal information. Not all categories may be collected about every individual. California residents, please see the information we collect about you, below in Categories of personal information collected and disclosed.Personal identifiers, such as name, address, email, telephone number and email address,Device information, online identifiers and related information, such as operating system information, type of device, and screen size, Internet, application, and network activity, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with a website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our Services or other online services, cookies and IP addresses,Demographic information, such as age and birth month,Commercial Information such as financial information, credit and debit card numbers (stored with our payment processor) and claims information, records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies,Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as race/ethnicity, gender, and sex,Customer Records such as purchase history information, such as products you have bought, rented, and/or returned,Professional information such as current and former employers, business contact information and professional memberships,Location information, such as precise and general geolocation information,Audio, visual and other sensory information, such as audio and video recordings,Individual preferences and characteristics, such as inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors, andSensitive personal information including financial information (held by our payment processors) and precise geolocation, which may overlap with some of the categories above.How Do We Collect Personal Information?We collect personal information from you or about you in a variety of ways, including: directly from you; from advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, marketing and product vendors; from your device, in-store technologies and other technologies; from Ace stores, government entities, operating systems and platforms, social networks, data brokers and other external third-party sources.You actively share personal information with us in various ways when you utilize the Services. For example, you may share personal information when you:Make payments and purchases: When you make an in-store or online purchase, return, or other transaction, with us through the Services or an Ace store, we and/or our payment processor, as applicable, collect purchase and payment information in order to process your payment, such as your credit card number and applicable shipping and billing address. We also maintain records about your past purchases, as well as items that you view or add to your cart.Register and add to your profile information:
When you create an account on one of our websites or mobile services, use a mobile shopping list, or participate in our programs, such as Ace Rewards, we collect certain personal information from you, such as your name and email address, as well as any personal information you post to your profile or account, which may include address and other contact information, demographics, photos, birthday or preferences, or that you otherwise submit to us through your account.
Communicate and interact with us or our Services: When you email, call, chat or otherwise communicate with us and with members of our team, we collect and maintain a record of your contact details, communications and our responses. We also maintain records communications and information that you post in chat sessions, forums and in other areas of the Services, well as on our social media channels when you post a rating, review or other user-generated content on one of our websites or mobile services, participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey, or use features of our websites and mobile services that may ask you to grant us access to the camera or microphone on your computer or mobile device (such as voice search or scanning bar codes) and other personal information you provide to us related to any customer support requests.Participate in events and make other requests:
We also collect personal information related to your participation in our events as well as other requests that you submit to us related to our Services. For example, if you register for or attend an event that we host or sponsor, we may collect personal information related to your registration for and participation in such event.
When you fill out a 'Contact Us' form, signup for our mailing lists, or otherwise request information from us, we collect and maintain records of your requests.Passively provide via your technical interactions: We may collect technical information when you use the Services. This may include information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser type, unique identifiers, the address of referring websites, the path you take through our websites, and other information about your visit to our websites.Use your device camera and microphone: Some of the features of the Services may require access to the camera or microphone of your computer or mobile device. You must give your permission before we access your device's camera or microphone, and you can adjust the settings of your device at any time to control access to your camera or microphone.Opt-In to the use of your precise geolocation information: We may collect your precise location when you consent or when your device is set to provide location information. For example, your device's GPS signal allows us to show you the nearest Ace stores. Other examples include allowing us to know when you are about to arrive to pick up your online pickup order after you check in. We may be able to recognize the location of a mobile device in stores where we provide customers free Wi-Fi access or through the use of Bluetooth technology.
We use your IP address to derive information regarding your location (such as longitude and latitude) including Google MAPS. For more information about Google's privacy policies, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. If you access or use our Services from a mobile device, we may collect geolocation information from your mobile device, but only with your authorization. Location information is used to assign you to a local Ace store and to customize certain features of the Services, such as the store locator feature, local advertising, and product selection, availability and pricing. We may send push notifications customized to your location if you have authorized us to send them to your mobile device. Push notifications, which appear on the screen of your mobile device in the form of a badge, alert, or banner, allow mobile applications to send information to your mobile device even when the application is not in use. You may choose to receive push notifications without consenting to the collection of geolocation information, but the messages you receive will not be customized for your location. Your mobile device's operating system may store your authorization to provide us with information regarding your location. While your authorization is active, if you access or request location-based services from our Services, your mobile device will provide us with your location without additional authorization from you. If you would like to disable location services in connection with our mobile website, please consult your mobile device's user guide. If you would like to disable location services and/or push notifications in connection with our mobile app, adjust your mobile device settings according to the instructions in your mobile device's user guide.Cookies and Other Technologies: Like many online services, we may collect and store certain personal information automatically whenever you interact with our Services. For example, we may collect your IP address, browser and device information, including operating system, application software, and reference site domain name when you access or use the Services. We also use personal information to derive aggregated information regarding customer traffic patterns and usage and mobile application usage data. We may use this information in combination with other information we have about you, including personal information.
Ace uses cookies, which are small data files created by a web server and stored by your browser. We also use pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files. Cookies and pixel tags permit the Services to function properly. For example, they help us to identify account holders and Ace Rewards members and to optimize the log-in, account management, and shopping experience. They also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves without checking out. In addition, we may use cookies and other technologies to store your preferences and provide a personalized experience on the Services. Sharing through cookies may be deemed a sale or sharing under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out, please see Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Selling or Sharing and the further information provided below.
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser 'help', 'tool', or 'edit' section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of the Ace websites. Click here to manage cookie settings. Please note: If you select "Reject All", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services.
If you want to remove previously stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Ace websites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.Analytics: Ace may also use cookies and other technologies to implement analytics tools, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, that help us understand how the Services are performing, how you engage with the Services, and how you interact with our advertisements and communications. The information we collect using Google Analytics, which may be shared with Google, doesn't include names or contact information, but may include Ace Rewards numbers, IP addresses, and activity on the Services. For more information on your privacy choices in connection with Google Analytics, including the Google Analytics Browser Opt-Out Add On, please visit the Google website at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Session Recording: We may use session recording software, in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimize the Services and experience.Interest-Based Advertising: We and our advertising vendors may use online technologies, including cookies and pixel tags, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and platforms. These technologies enable us or our vendors, including Google, to recognize a unique cookie or pixel tag placed by us or our vendors when you accessed the Services or by an entity when you visited a non-affiliated website or platform. This personal information is used to manage advertising effectiveness and provide you with online advertisements, including advertisements on unaffiliated websites and platforms, more likely to be of interest to you. These technologies also allow us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Services and to manage affiliate advertising.
To learn more about interest-based advertising (often referred to as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising) and how to manage your preferences for interest-based ads, please visit the following third-party websites:To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), please visit the DAA website at: www.aboutads.info/choices and youradchoices.com/appchoices.To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), please visit the NAI website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices.Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising across all browsers and devices, you need to make your choices in each browser and device you use. Please consult your device's user guide or visit the Google Play Support Center or the Apple Support Center for more information on managing interest-based advertisements in a mobile environment. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your interests.Information We Collect Through In-Store TechnologyWe may collect your personal information from technology used in Ace stores, such as facility cameras. Ace stores may operate cameras in-store for security and operational purposes, for example, to help prevent fraud and to improve the design of Ace stores to better serve our customers.Ace StoresPlease note that most Ace stores are independently owned and operated, although some stores are owned by Ace affiliates. We may collect personal information from Ace stores, particularly when we collaborate in providing the Services to you, such as Ace Rewards. For example, we may collect certain personal information from an Ace store in order to provide delivery services that you may request through the Services. We also may collect personal information from Ace stores in order to provide local offers and promotions that might interest you. These Ace stores may also be authorized to use your personal information in the manner described in this Policy. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.Personal Information We Collect from External Third-Party SourcesWe may receive personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of the Services and marketing to you, and prevent or detect fraud. Third parties may collect user data directly from you for their own use and subject to their own privacy policies.Social NetworksWhen you upload or share a photo, submit a request, submit information, or post other digital content via social media interactions on third-party websites like Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest or Twitter, that data may be collected by Ace in connection with the Services. Please be advised that user-generated content and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the privacy policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Please remember that any personal information you disclose in this manner will be publicly available. We encourage you to read the privacy policy and terms of use posted on each and every website, application, platform, network, or service that you access or use.
We may also collect personal information about you from social media platforms and networks if you post content publicly or to our social media account (e.g., by using a hashtag) or if you post content to third-party social media hosts such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube and Instagram.Social Media Widgets
Our website and mobile application may include social media features, such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube widgets. These features may collect electronic and other internet activity information, such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website or mobile application. These widgets may set a cookie or utilize other tracking technologies to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party and your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. Such sharing through cookies may be deemed a sale or sharing under the CCPA. California residents can opt-out of the selling or sharing below, see Notice of the Right to Opt-Out of Selling and Sharing. To learn about the types of cookies we use, please see Cookies and Other Technologies. Marketing VendorsWe may collect personal information from our marketing vendors about your preferences, interests and trends in order to enhance your experience with our Services. We may receive personal information from third party vendors relating to a customer's homeowner status, age, gender, estimated income, or length of residence, for example.How Personal Information Is Used for Business PurposesPurposes of Collection and ProcessingWe use your personal information to provide you products and Services, such as to fulfill your requests for products or to help us personalize our Services and market to you. We also may use your personal information to support our business functions, such as fraud prevention, marketing, and legal functions. Some examples may include:Providing services and support: To provide and operate our Services, to fulfill your order or requests for Services and provide customer service, to create and maintain your account, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes.
Responding to inquiries: To respond to your questions, fulfill your orders and requests, and consider your requests.
Analytics and improvement: To better understand how users access and use the Services and our other products and offerings, to conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement, and for other research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, to develop Services and features, and for internal quality control and training purposes.
Customization and personalization: To tailor content we may send or display on the Services, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences. Marketing and advertising: For marketing and advertising purposes.
For example, to send you information about our Services, such as offers, promotions, newsletters and other marketing content, including about third-party products and services we think may interest you, as well as any other information that you sign up to receive. We also may use certain personal information we collect to manage, measure and improve our advertising campaigns so that we can better reach people with relevant content. Loyalty and rewards program: If you are a member of our Ace Rewards program, we use your personal information in order to administer those programs, which are described more specifically when you enroll. Planning and managing events: For event planning and management, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and Services.
Research and surveys: To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or member satisfaction purposes. Safety, quality and improvement: To undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the Services owned or controlled by us.Security and protection of rights: To protect you and others, the Services and our business operations; to help ensure security and integrity and prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Use, available at acehardware.com/terms-of-use, our contract, if any, with you or this Privacy Policy.
Legal proceedings and obligations: To comply with the law and our legal obligations and to handle legal processes and related to legal proceedings.
General business and operational support: To conduct business analysis, such as analytics, projections, or identifying areas for operational improvement and to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other business transactions, and related to the administration of our general business, accounting, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, and legal functions.
Other notified purposes: For other lawful purposes that you reasonable expect, are permitted under applicable law and regulation or that we may notify you of from time to time. Ace may combine personal information, collected online and offline, including personal information from third party sources as described below. Ace also may transfer or share your personal information within our corporate family of companies and Ace stores for these purposes, as permitted by law.With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside of Ace Hardware Corporation?We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:Ace Affiliates: Ace may transfer personal information to its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, including future subsidiaries and affiliates.
Ace Stores: Ace may share personal information with Ace stores in order to facilitate shipping, delivery, and assembly services related to purchases made on the Services, to assist in the resolution of disputes or customer service issues, to facilitate your membership in the Ace Rewards Program, and to enable Ace stores to conduct their own marketing activities. Please note that most Ace stores are independently owned and operated, although some stores are owned by Ace affiliates. Additionally, Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.
Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform services in connection with the operation of our business, including operation of Services and management of our customer accounts.
Social Media and Advertising Platforms: We may use social media and advertising platforms, such as Facebook® and Google, to serve advertisements to you or to third parties that the platform determines are similar to you. In order to offer these ads, we may share your personal information, such as email addresses or phone numbers, in hashed or unhashed format, with the platform provider, which can match this information to a particular platform user.
Marketing: We may make your personal information, together with information regarding your preferences, activity, purchases, and demographics, available to affiliates and Ace stores for purposes of conducting marketing activities on behalf of Ace, the affiliates, Ace stores, and/or or any other service providers.
Personal Information We Share with External Third Parties: To deliver information about products and Services that may be of interest to you, we may share personal information with other companies, such as publishers, advertisers and measurement analytics providers and the third parties listed below in Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information From. For example, we may share device-related data (such as unique identifier, type of device, IP address, cookies and other information associated with your browsing and app usage) and individual preferences and characteristics (such as insights and inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors). This information does not identify you directly but is used to personalize the advertisements you receive as more fully described below.
Deidentified and Aggregated Personal Information: Ace continually strives to make customer shopping experiences more relevant and with less friction and may offer related services and insights to its suppliers and others. As a result, Ace may share with others, insights that combine aggregated information from many customers in ways that do not directly identify you. For example, Ace may combine aggregated customer shopping history with other information to deliver generalized insights to Ace's suppliers and other third parties. These insights do not identify individual customers and helps Ace suppliers provide products and services relevant to Ace customers, for example.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others: We may share your personal information in other special circumstances, which include situations when sharing is permitted by law, or we believe sharing will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of Ace, our customers, our associates, or other persons. Examples may include: Protecting the health or safety of customers; Responding to incidents or crimes committed on Ace property; Identifying and preventing fraud or financial risk; Providing personal information from cameras to law enforcement, insurance companies and others as necessary; Responding to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry; Responding to an investigative body and other similar activities.
We may also disclose personal information to enforce this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, available at www.acehardware.com/terms-of-use, to troubleshoot problems, and resolve disputes (including, without limitation, in connection with litigation or arbitration of any dispute between you and Ace or to assist us in the collection of amounts owed by you to us).
Sale, Transfer or Reorganization of Business: We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of the business or assets of Ace or Ace affiliates to an entity in the event of a corporate transaction.
When You Authorize Us: In addition to the foregoing circumstances, we may share your personal information when you authorize us to do so.
Business-to-Business AccountsThe practices described in this Privacy Policy also govern the creation and use of business-to-business accounts on Ace's business-to-business website and through Ace's business-to-business program. California residents who are business customers may exercise their rights as described below in the California notice and rights section. Please note: Ace stores independently may have their own data collection and use practices that are not governed by this Policy.SMS/MMS Mobile MessagingAce offers a mobile text messaging program in connection with its various products, services, and offerings (the "Mobile Program"). By opting in to receive mobile messages, including text messages, from Ace, you agree to this Privacy Policy and to receive promotional SMS/MMS text messages from us through our third party service provider(s). The Mobile Program is optional and opting in to receive text messages is not required to purchase any product or service or to participate in the Ace Rewards program. The Mobile Program allows you to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by voluntarily and affirmatively opting in, such as through an enrollment form or by texting Ace to 223439, and then confirming your enrollment. The messages we will send to you include marketing messages, such as
promotional and product communications regarding sitewide sales, national events, product launches and special promotions. You may also receive messages regarding surveys and other consumer research.
You must have a wireless device capable of sending and receiving text messages, use a participating wireless carrier (not all participate), and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. Check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions.
There is no fee from Ace to receive messages. Message & data rates may apply.
Please consult your mobile service provider for pricing information. Message & data charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account with your mobile service provider. Under no circumstances will Ace be responsible for any messaging or wireless charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to your mobile device or phone number. By opting in to the Mobile Program, you agree to receive autodialed and non-autodialed marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Ace. While you consent to receive messages sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (autodialer), the foregoing shall not be interpreted to imply that any or all of Ace's mobile messages are sent using an autodialer. Messaging frequency may vary, but you can expect to receive up to 12 marketing texts per month. You may receive additional text messages if you elect to participate in a consumer survey or otherwise contact us via text. Message content may vary, and not all persons who opt in to our Mobile Program will receive the same promotional and product communications and offers. Data obtained from you in connection with the Mobile Program may include your cell phone number, your carrier's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us, including communicating with you as otherwise described in this section. For information on Ace's data collection and use, please carefully read this entire Privacy Policy. Your use of our Online Services is also subject to our Terms of Use.Messages sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, effective transmission from your network operator, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. Neither Ace, our service provider(s), nor your wireless carrier guarantee that alerts will be delivered and Ace, our service provider(s), or your wireless carrier are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.If you have any questions, text HELP to 223439
or contact us toll free at 1-888-827-4223 or by email at CareCenter@acehardware.com. To opt out of the Mobile Program and stop receiving messages text STOP to 223439 or to any mobile message we have sent you. You understand and agree that this is the only way to opt out of the Mobile Program and that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than STOP or verbally requesting an Ace employee or an Ace store employee to remove you from our Mobile Program, is not a reasonable means of opting out. If you opt out of the Mobile Program, you may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out.What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?We use various security measures to protect personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized access or use.In order to help protect your personal information, you should keep your account usernames and passwords secure and not provide them to others. If we request that you re-set your username and/or password, please do so promptly. If you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a username or password, please contact our Customer Care Department by phone at 888-827-4223.How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?If you are an account holder, you can access, correct, and update certain personal information by accessing your account through the Services, by clicking on the Sign In/Register button located on the acehardware.com home page. If you are an account holder with an Ace Rewards membership, you can update your Ace Rewards profile by linking your Ace Rewards account to your online account. You can also update certain personal information by contacting our Customer Care department by phone at 1-888-827-4223.Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want to Receive Promotional Communications?There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. If you indicate you would like to stop receiving promotional emails, you may still receive emails relating to orders, earned rewards, and program updates.
If you are an AceHardware.com account holder, you can indicate email preferences by accessing your account through the Services. If you place an order through the Services, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard.
You also will have an opportunity to indicate your preferences by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you or following the "unsubscribe" instructions in a notification or other message type. Even if you unsubscribe from our emails, you may continue to receive promotional emails from Ace stores. To unsubscribe from promotional email communications from an Ace store, please follow the instructions for unsubscribing in the store's email.
If you have downloaded the Ace Hardware mobile app, you can indicate your preferences by navigating to the "Personal Details" section of your profile and unchecking the "Email me offers and helpful tips" box.
If you no longer wish to receive push notifications on your mobile device, please consult your mobile device's user guide for instructions on how to disable push notifications.
We use an opt-in standard for automated phone and text messages. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your affirmative consent.What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media or Product Review Features?Other Ace websites, applications and digital services may be governed by different privacy policies. Please read the privacy policy posted on each Ace website, application, or other digital service that you visit to understand the information collection, use and sharing practices that apply.
Our Services may contain links to other websites, applications or services operated by others. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications, or services, including websites, applications or services operated by Ace stores, most of which are independently owned and operated, although some may be owned by Ace affiliates.
If you have accessed our Services through a link from some of our advertising or marketing partners, our Services may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. Nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy.
Our Services offer you the ability to interact with social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Instagram®, and social commerce networks, such as PowerReviews. Please be advised that product reviews, user-generated content, and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the Privacy Policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Please remember that any information you disclose in this manner will be publicly available. For example, any content you submit in connection with a product review may be posted on publicly facing third-party websites in the PowerReviews network.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy and terms of use posted on each and every website, application, platform, network, or service that you access or use.What About Contests and Sweepstakes?When we run a contest or sweepstakes through our Services, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. If our use of your personal information gathered in connection with the contest or sweepstakes entry process is different from the terms of this Privacy Policy, the rules for such contest/sweepstakes will specify how that information will be used. If you win a contest or sweepstakes, additional provisions regarding the use of your personal information may be included in required winner's affidavits and releases.Is Personal Information Collected from Children?The Services are intended for adults. We do not sell any items ordered through our Services directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, including children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 18, you should not enroll in the Ace Rewards program or use our Services to submit orders or purchase any items. In addition, we do not collect online any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should use our Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information of any kind to us.California minors (under 18 years of age) may in certain circumstances request and obtain removal of content or information they posted to the Services. If you are a California minor, you may make a removal request by contacting us toll-free by phone at 1-888-827-4223.We do not sell or share personal information about persons who we known to be under the age of 18.CaliforniaAdditional Information for California Residents
The following provides information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). California privacy laws require that we provide California residents information about how we use their personal information, whether collected online or offline, and this portion of our Privacy Policy is intended to satisfy that requirement.
Under the CCPA, "personal information" is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household. Please note that this definition of personal information applies to only this section of our Privacy Policy.California Residents' Rights
California law grants California residents' certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below.Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Selling or Sharing:
California residents have the right to opt-out of our sale or sharing of their personal information. Opt-out rights can be exercised on our
Your Privacy Choices webform on AceHardware.com, by calling the Care Center at 888-827-4223 or by completing and mailing in a form at a California retail location. California's definition of sale is broad and encompasses many types of data transfers. However, we do not "sell" any consumer data in the traditional sense for monetary compensation.Global Privacy Controls/Opt-Out Preference Signal: Certain browsers and other technologies send opt-out preference signals to a website notifying the website of your desire to stop the sale or sharing of your personal information. For more information, please see globalprivacycontrols.org. At this time, this signal only applies to the browser you are searching from and only includes the online sale of your personal information, unless you are logged into your AceHardware.com account. If you select "Strictly Necessary only", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services. To request the opt-out of the offline sale of personal information, please visit our Your Privacy Choices webform at AceHardware.com, call the Care Center at 1-888-827-4223 or complete a form at a California retail location. Notice of Right to Limit: Notwithstanding the purposes described above, we do not collect, use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information about consumers beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA.
Accordingly, we use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information about consumers as reasonably necessary and proportionate: (i) to perform the Services requested by you; (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct; (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our Services; (v) for compliance with our legal obligations; (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf; and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.Notice at Collection We are required to notify California residents, at or before the point of collection of their personal information, the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such personal information is used.Data RetentionWe endeavor not to collect more data than necessary to fulfill our business needs.Categories of personal information collected and disclosedGenerally, we may collect the following categories of personal information (as set forth in the CCPA) about California residents that we collect and have collected in the prior twelve (12) months, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose this personal information for a business or commercial purpose.
In some cases (such as where required by law), we may ask for consent or give you certain choices prior to collecting or using certain personal information.
California's definition of sale is broad and encompasses many types of data transfers. However, we do not "sell" any consumer data in the traditional sense for monetary compensation.CategoriesDescriptionThird Party Disclosures for Business or Commercial PurposesIdentifiers (Name, contact info and other identifiers)Such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifiers, Internet Protocol address, email address, account number and similar identifiers.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCategories of Personal Information Described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80.Records containing Personal Information, such as name, signature, photo, contact information, education, financial or payment information.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems, and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCommercial InformationIncluding records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawInternet or Other Electronic Network Activity InformationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website or application, as well as physical and network access logs and other network activity information related to your use of any Ace device, network or other information resource.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersothers as required by lawGEOLOCATION DATA:Precise and general location information about a particular individual, vehicle or device.affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawCharacteristics of Protected Classifications Under California and Federal LawSuch as race/ethnicity, gender, and sex. advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsAce storesothers as required by lawAudio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, or Similar Information.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as, CCTV/ camera/ video footage, photographs, call recordings, and other audio recording (e.g., recorded webinars).advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems, and platformsdata analytics providersothers as required by lawProfessional or Employment-related Information.Professional memberships and associations advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsdata analytics providersAce storesothers as required by lawEducation Information Such as degrees earned.affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInferencesSuch as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about an individual regarding her or his preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behaviors, and personality tests and profiles reflecting skill and aptitude. affiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesothers as required by lawSensitive Personal Information Such as financial account and payment information; and precise geolocation information.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsAce storesothers as required by lawCategories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information FromIn general, we may collect the personal information identified in the table above from the following categories of sources: advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers; operating systems and platformsadvertising networks; data analytics providerssocial networksdata brokersAce storesAnd others, as required by law.Verifiable Privacy Requests Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:Right of Deletion: California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them, subject to certain exemptions, and to have such personal information deleted, except where necessary for any of a list of exempt purposes.Right to Know – Right to a Copy: California residents have the right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.Right to Know – Right to Information: California residents have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information, including the:categories of personal information collectedcategories of sources which personal information was collected frombusiness and/or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing their personal informationcategories of third parties with whom we have disclosed their personal informationcategories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose, andcategories of third parties to whom the residents' personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party.Right to Correction: To correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.Right of Portability: To obtain a copy of the personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit your personal information to another controller or business where the processing is carried out by automated means.Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you or for any business uses other than those permitted by the CCPA so no action is required.Requests to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing: California residents may submit a request to opt out of sales and sharing by:Submitting a request through our webform.Clicking the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of our website or accessing our cookie preference manager and opting out of "Sale or Share of Personal Information".Turning on "Global Privacy Control" signals through your browser, which our website shall process as a request to opt out of sales and sharing for the relevant browser and device.Submitting Requests: Requests to exercise privacy rights may be submitted on our Your Privacy Choices webform or by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" button on the bottom of AceHardware.com. Additionally, individuals may contact Customer Care at 1-888-827-4223 or complete a form in Ace stores. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.Verification of Requests:
For your protection, we may require you to log into your account to verify your identity or make requests if possible. We will only fulfill requests for personal information upon verifying your identity. In order to process requests to know, delete or correct, we require First Name, Last Name, Zip Code, Email, Phone Number and/or Ace Rewards Number, and we may ask for additional information such as recent purchases or authenticated interactions with us depending on the nature of the request and the need to prevent fraud and protect security. The information provided in the request will be compared to the data Ace maintains for that customer. If the information does not match, we will be unable to process the request.Authorized Agent Requests: An authorized agent is a person or business who has authorization to request to know what personal information we have about you, to delete the personal information we have about you, to correct the personal information we have about you, or to opt-out of the sale/sharing of personal information on behalf of a California resident. Authorized agents use the same links described above to submit requests.If you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, we require an authorization, and/or other documentation demonstrating your authority to submit this request. This can be a letter or other documentation signed by the California resident authorizing you to submit this request. Ace reserves the right to contact the consumer directly to verify their identity and ensure that they have elected an authorized agent.Right to Non-Discrimination. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA.Notice of Financial IncentiveWe provide price discounts, coupons, services and other benefits for: 1) programs such as sweepstakes, contests, or other similar promotional campaigns; (2) Acehardware.com account holders; (3) members of our Ace Rewards loyalty programs; (4) military and other discount holders; and (5) members of our mailing and email list ("Programs").
Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information, they may be interpreted as a "financial incentive" program under California law. Under California law, financial incentives "means a program, benefit, or other offering, including payments to consumers, related to the collection, deletion, or sale of personal information." Through these Programs, consumers provide us with some personal information (e.g., Name, Contact Information and Identifiers such as names, emails, phone numbers, Ace Rewards membership ID numbers, Ace account usernames and passwords, and billing and shipping addresses;
Usage Data such as cookies and analytics;
Profiles and Inferences such as birth month, demographic information, and information regarding interests and preferences; and Purchase History and Tendencies such as transaction history, payment information, and information regarding orders, etc.) when consumers opt-in to and participate in our Programs. There is no obligation to opt-in or participate in any Program, and consumers may opt-out or withdraw at any time by contacting us at the Ace Customer Care center at 1-888-827-4223.The specific details of each Program including additional information such as the specific personal information collected and details regarding the financial notice are contained in the program offering or notice. We incur expenses when providing and operating these Programs. The value to our business of any individual consumer's personal information is based on specific facts such as whether and to what extent consumers take advantage of any Program offerings.
We do not calculate the value of consumer data in our accounting statements. We make this good faith estimate for California residents. To the extent we create overall value from our Programs to our business that could be directly or reasonably related to the value of our customer data, the method for calculating the same includes: (1) the expenses associated with the offer, provision of any financial incentive or price or service differences such as data analytics and marketing , (2) the expenses related to the collection, retention and enhancement of consumers' personal information and (3) all other expenses reasonably related to the programs.Contact for Privacy QuestionsFor questions or concerns about the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please contact the Ace Customer Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.Additional Information for Nevada ResidentsNevada residents have the right to opt-out of our sale of their personal information. However, we do not sell Personally Identifiable Information as defined under Nevada law, so an opt-out mechanism is not required.Additional Information for Virginia ConsumersUnder the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), Virginia consumers have the right to receive certain disclosures regarding the processing of "Personal Data" as defined under the VCDPA, as well as certain rights with respect to our processing of such Personal Data.
To the extent that we collect Personal Data subject to the VCDPA, the following applies subject to certain exceptions: Virginia Disclosures: The categories of Personal Data processed by us are described above in What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It? and include precise location data, which is a considered sensitive data in Virginia, and requires your consent to process;The purpose for processing Personal Data are described above in How Personal Information Is Used for Business Purposes.The categories of Personal Data that we share with third parties, if any, are described above in Categories of Personal Information collected and disclosed.The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data are described above in Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share, Sell, or Collect Information From.We do not "sell" Personal Data to third parties; however, we do process Personal Data for targeted advertising, and you may exercise the right to opt out of such processing as described below.Privacy RequestsYou may exercise your Virginia consumer privacy rights, subject to certain exceptions, as follows:Right to Know/Access: To confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Data and to access itRight to Correction: To correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data.Right to Deletion: To delete Personal Data provided by or obtained about you.Right of Portability: To obtain a copy of the Personal Data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit your Personal Data to another controller or business where the processing is carried out by automated means.Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising:
To opt-out of targeted advertising,Submit a request through our webform.Click the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of our website or access our cookie preference manager and opt out of "Sale or Share of Personal information".Turn on "Global Privacy Control" signals through your browser, which our website shall process as a request to opt out of sales and sharing for the relevant browser and device.To learn more about interest-based advertising (often referred to as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising) and how to manage your preferences for interest-based ads, please visit the following third-party websites:
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), please visit the DAA website at: www.aboutads.info/choices and youradchoices.com/appchoices.To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), please visit the NAI website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising across all browsers and devices, you need to make your choices in each browser and device you use. Please consult your device's user guide or visit the Google Play Support Center or the Apple Support Center for more information on managing interest-based advertisements in a mobile environment. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your interests.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale: Under the VCDPA, a "sale" includes disclosing or making available Personal Data to a third party in exchange for money. We do not "sell" Personal Data under this definition so an opt-out is not needed.
Right to Opt-Out of Significant Profiling:
To opt out of the processing of your Personal Data by us for decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. We do not use your Personal Data for these reasons so an opt-out is not needed.Our Right to Refuse Your Request:
We may deny your request if (1) we are not reasonably capable of associating your request with the Personal Data or it would be unreasonably burdensome for us to associate your request with the Personal Data; (2) we do not use the Personal Data to recognize or respond to you specifically or associate the Personal Data with other Personal Data about you; and (3) we do not sell the Personal Data
to any third party or otherwise voluntarily disclose the Personal Data to any third party other than a processor, except as otherwise permitted under Virginia law. Right to Appeal:
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will notify you providing our reasons and instructions for how you can appeal the decision. If the appeal is denied, we will provide a way for you contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint.Deidentified Data:
In the event we share deidentified information about individuals with third parties, we commit to maintaining and using deidentified data without attempting to reidentify a Virginia consumer except as permitted by law. How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. You should check this page periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. In some cases, we may post a notice of the revision on the Services and/or send an email or other communication notifying users of the changes. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Care Department by phone at 1-888-827-4223.EMPLOYEE AND APPLICANT PRIVACY POLICYTable of ContentsWhat Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?How Do We Use Your Personal Information?How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?What is Our Data Retention?What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesThank you for your interest in employment with Ace Hardware Corporation. This Employee and Applicant Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to personal information Ace Hardware Corporation and their U.S.-based affiliates (collectively referred to as "Ace Hardware or the Company") collect in connection with applications for employment with Ace Hardware, including those submitted via our websites, or other digital interfaces. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the personal information that we collect from customers or end users of Ace Hardware Corporation's products and services, including Applicants and Employees, in the context of their personal use of Company products and services.This Privacy Policy applies to individuals who are applying for employment with Ace Hardware within the United States. Please note this Privacy Policy does not apply to applicants for employment or employees with Ace Hardware's retailers. The posting for the job you are applying to will tell you whether it is being offered by Ace Hardware or by a retailer. If you apply for employment with a retailer, that retailer uses your personal information pursuant to its own privacy practices. Please contact that retailer to learn more about its privacy practices.What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect and Process?We collect the personal information you provide during the application process, which may include the following:Contact information, such as your name (first, middle, last), home address/country, telephone number and email address, your birthday;Your work experience (e.g., employment history, company, location, highest level of education, major area of study, degree, GPA), professional certifications, relevant prior trainings or courses, language capabilities, your area/department/role of interest within Ace Hardware, total compensation expectation, work schedule preferences, first possible start date, the fact that you may be subject to a non-compete, applicable termination/notice periods, restrictive covenant or any other agreement that might affect your ability to accept a position and work at Ace Hardware, references, letters of recommendation, interview notes, the source you heard about the job vacancy, and availabilities to schedule an in person interview;Volunteering experience, family members who work at Ace Hardware and the nature of your relationship to them, your eligibility to work in the United States and/or your selected location, and any limitations on your eligibility to work associated with your employment sponsorship, if applicable;Optional demographic information that is not part of your application, e.g., gender, race/ethnicity, veteran status and disability, etc.;Information we need if we provide you with an offer (e.g., rate of pay, start date, job title); andThe results of other application-related assessments.You may have the option to add attachments or further information (e.g., a CV or Resume, a cover letter or message, certifications of skills, language capabilities or a letter of recommendation) which might contain additional personal information. Such attachments and further information will be treated in the same ways as other personal information you provide to us during the application process.We may collect certain additional information that is not part of your application, such as military and/or veteran status, your ability to perform expected physical requirements of the position for which you are applying, physical limitations or other medical or health-related workplace accommodations, the results of background screening searches including criminal background checks, educational background checks, drug and alcohol testing, and other pre-employment screenings.Use of Cookies and Other TechnologiesLike many online services, we may collect and store certain information automatically whenever you interact with our Careers page. For example, we may collect your IP address, browser and device information, including operating system, application software, and reference site domain name, every time you access or use the website. We may also collect information regarding traffic patterns and usage and mobile application usage data. We may use this information in combination with other information we have about you, including personal information.Ace Hardware uses cookies, which are small data files created by a web server and stored by your browser. We also use pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files. Cookies and pixel tags permit the careers page to function properly. For example, we may use cookies and other technologies to store your preferences and provide a personalized experience on the Careers page. In addition, we may use certain technologies to determine whether you have opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail, and how you use the pages and content in our websites.Ace Hardware may also use cookies and other technologies to implement analytics tools, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, that help us understand how the careers page is performing, how you engage with the careers page, and how you interact with our advertisements and communications. The personal information we collect using Google Analytics may include IP addresses and activity on the careers page. For more information on your privacy choices in connection with Google Analytics, including the Google Analytics Browser Opt-Out Add On, please visit the Google website at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.You can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to change the settings of cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser 'help', 'tool', or 'edit' section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of the Ace Hardware websites. Global Privacy Controls/Opt-Out Preference Signal: Certain browsers and other technologies send opt-out preference signals to a website notifying the website of your desire to stop the sale or sharing of your personal information. For more information, please see globalprivacycontrols.org. At this time, this signal only applies to the browser you are searching from and only includes the online sale of your personal information, unless you are logged into your AceHardware.com account. If you select "Strictly Necessary only", cookies classified as "Strictly Necessary" will still be operational on the site, as they are necessary for the site to function correctly and provide you the Services. To request the opt-out of the offline sale of personal information, please visit our Your Privacy Choices webform at AceHardware.com or call the Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.Click here to manage cookie settings.How Do We Use Your Personal Information?We use personal information to assess your qualifications for employment and/or other related services during the application and recruitment stage. This may include contacting you after you have applied, contacting references that you have provided as well as potentially carrying out background checks and drug screens. We may use applicant and employee information for benchmarking, analyzing, and reporting on the diversity of candidate pools, individualized reporting and analytics of statistical information, and informing and developing our recruitment. We may also contact you about any other jobs we think may be of interest to you. We also may use your personal information to comply with any applicable legal obligations or applicable Ace Hardware policies, record-keeping or reporting obligations as well as to establish, exercise or defend against any legal claims. If you are hired as an employee of Ace Hardware Corporation, we may retain and use your personal information for employment purposes.How Do We Disclose and Share Your Personal Information?In order to carry out the application and recruitment process under this Privacy Policy, your personal information may be shared with recruiters and/or other Ace Hardware employees such as your potential manager(s), members of the human resources team as well as other individuals within Ace Hardware. Your personal information also may be shared with various third parties that assist us during the recruitment process. For example, we use third party service providers to collect your personal information as well as for other services such as carrying out background checks, work-related assessments or pre-employment screenings. We may also share personal information with third parties when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required to comply with a court order, subpoena, warrant or legal process. We may also share your information in the event of a merger, acquisition, asset sale or other related transaction, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law or to protect the safety of our employees, the public or Ace Hardware's property.We may share personal information with your education institution in order to verify your application and/or employment status at your or your institution's request.Information We Receive from Third PartiesIf you chose a third party to submit your application for positions with Ace Hardware or to fill out your application for you, we may receive information about you, which might contain additional personal information. Such information will be treated in the same way as other personal information you provide to us during the application process.What is Our Data Retention?Ace Hardware will retain the personal information that we process pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the duration of time necessary to assess your qualifications for employment, and for the period of time thereafter as provided in our retention policies. If you are hired as an employee of Ace Hardware Corporation, we may retain and use your personal information for employment purposes. You may also elect to have your personal information remain with Ace Hardware, for example, if you continue to maintain a career profile on one of our websites.What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?We use various security measures to protect personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized access or use.What Happens When I Link to or From Another Web Site or Use Social Media Features?Our websites may offer links to websites that are not run by us but by third parties. If you visit one of these linked websites, you should read the website's privacy policy, terms and conditions, and their other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of third parties. Any information you give to those organizations is dealt with under their privacy policy, terms and conditions, and other policies.We may also have providers of other apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Careers page, such as Facebook "Like" buttons, which may also use automated methods to collect information about how you use these features. These organizations may use your information in line with their own policies.Additional Notice for California Applicants and EmployeesPurpose of this NoticeThis California Applicant and Employee Privacy Notice (the "Applicant and Employee Notice") describes our collection and use of certain personal information relating to external job applicants, candidates for positions within Ace Hardware Corporation, and employees of Ace Hardware Corporation ("Applicants and Employees"). For California residents, this Applicant Notice describes our collection and use of certain personal information about Applicants and Employees and is intended to satisfy our applicable notice requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"). We may provide Applicants and Employees additional notices about our data collection practices that are covered by other laws (e.g., if we conduct a background check or extend an employment offer).The information in this Notice is intended to provide an overall description of our processing of Employee Personal Information. We may provide Employees additional notices about our data practices, such as those covered by other laws (e.g., if we conduct a background check). We encourage you to carefully read this Notice, together with any other privacy notice we may provide to you.Scope of this notice This Applicant and Employee Notice applies to the personal information that we may collect from and about Applicants and Employees, in the context of reviewing, assessing, considering, managing, storing, or processing their applications or otherwise considering them for a position with Company, and, if applicable, during their employment with Ace Hardware Corporation.What is personal information?In this Applicant and Employee Notice, "personal information" is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident or household.What isn't covered by this notice? This Applicant and Employee Notice does not address or apply to our information practices that are not subject to the CCPA, such as:Publicly Available Information: Information that is lawfully made available from government records, information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed the information and not restricted it to a specific audience.Deidentified Information: Information that is deidentified in accordance with applicable laws.Aggregated Information: Information that relates to a group from which individual identities have been removed.Protected Health Information: Information governed by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act or California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act.Activities Covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act: This includes information we receive from consumer reporting agencies that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, e.g., information contained in background check reports we obtain as part of our pre-employment screening
process.This Applicant and Employee Notice also does not apply to the personal information that we collect from customers or end users of the Company's products and services, including Applicants and Employees, in the context of their personal use of Company products and services (which is subject to our Ace Hardware Privacy Policy available at AceHardware.com/privacy).Are our practices the same for all Applicants and Employees? The categories of personal information we may collect, and our use of personal information may vary depending on the position(s) or location, as well as the associated qualifications and responsibilities. The information in this Applicant and Employee Notice is intended to provide an overall description of our collection and use of personal information about Applicants and Employees.Categories of personal information collected and disclosedGenerally, we may collect the following categories of personal information (as set forth in the CCPA) about Applicants and Employees that we collect and have collected in the prior twelve (12) months, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose this personal information for a business or commercial purpose.
In some cases (such as where required by law), we may ask for consent or give you certain choices prior to collecting or using certain personal information.CategoriesDescriptionThird Party Disclosures for Business or Commercial PurposesIdentifiers (Name, contact info and other identifiers)Such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifiers, Internet Protocol address, email address, account number and similar identifiers.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawSocial Security number, driver's license number, passport number and other government identifiers.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementothers as required by lawCategories of Personal Information Described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80.Records containing Personal Information, such as name, signature, photo, contact information, education and employment history, Social Security number and other government identifiers, insurance policy number, financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawCommercial InformationIncluding records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInternet or Other Electronic Network Activity InformationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website or application, as well as physical and network access logs and other network activity information related to your use of any Ace Hardware device, network or other information resource.advisors and agentsaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawOther InformationThird-party drug and alcohol screening test results, information required by the U.S. Department of Transportation for commercial drivers, including but not limited to motor vehicle reports, violation and accident history, and drug and alcohol testing results.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawGEOLOCATION DATA:Precise and general location information about a particular individual, vehicle, or device.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawCharacteristics of Protected Classifications Under California and Federal LawSuch as such as race/ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sex, veteran status, disability, national origin, military/veteran status and other characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law. (Note: generally, this information is collected on a voluntary basis, and is used in support of our equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion efforts and reporting obligations or where otherwise required by law. )advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawAudio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, or Similar Information.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as, CCTV/ camera/ video footage, voice picking, photographs, call recordings, and other audio recording (e.g., recorded webinars), and thermal screenings.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawProfessional or Employment-related Information.Such as performance information, professional membership records, references, assessment records, resumes, cover letters and work history, attendance records, conduct information (including disciplinary and grievance records), and termination data.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawEducation Information Such as degrees earned, educational institutions attended, transcripts, training records and other information about your educational history or background that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Actadvisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawInferencesSuch as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about an individual regarding their preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behaviors, and personality tests and profiles reflecting skill and aptitude. advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawSensitive Personal Information Such as: (a) Social Security number and other government identifiers; (b) financial account and payment information (e.g., for direct deposit purposes); (c) racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation (e.g., on a voluntary basis to support of our equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion efforts and reporting obligations, or where otherwise required by law, or union membership); (d) health information (e.g., as necessary to provide reasonable accommodations); and (e) precise geolocation information.advisors and agentsbenefits providersaffiliates and subsidiariesregulators, government entities and law enforcementinternet service providers, operating systems, and platformsothers as required by lawWe do not sell (as defined by the CCPA) Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information related to Applicants and Employees, including those we know who are under the age of 16.Sources of Personal InformationIn general, we may collect the Personal Information identified in the table above from the following categories of sources:Directly from you and your deviceRecruiters and recruiting platformsReferrals and referencesFormer employersOther employeesPublicly available informationService providers, representatives and agentsAffiliates and subsidiariesPurposes for collecting, using, disclosing, and processing personal information: Generally, we may use the above categories of personal information for the following purposes:Recruiting, Hiring and Managing, and Evaluating Applicants and Employees. To review, assess, recruit, consider or otherwise manage Applicants and job applications, including:Scheduling and conducting interviews;Identifying Applicants, including by working with external recruiters;Reviewing, assessing and verifying information provided, to conduct criminal and background checks (where relevant and pursuant to applicable law), conduct pre-employment drug tests, and to otherwise screen or evaluate Applicants' qualifications, suitability and relevant characteristics;Extending offers, negotiating the terms of offers, and assessing salary and compensation matters;Satisfying legal and regulatory obligations;Communicating with Applicants regarding their applications and about other similar position(s) for which they may be interested;Maintaining Applicant personal information for future consideration;Supporting our Equal Employment Opportunity policy and practices;Monitoring for, preventing and investigating suspected or alleged misconduct or violations of work rules;Monitoring for, preventing, investigating, and responding to security and privacy incidents;Providing and managing access to physical and technical access controls;Monitoring activities, access and use to ensure the security and functioning of our systems and assets; andSecuring our offices, premises and physical assets, including through the use of electronic access systems and video monitoring.Management of the employment relationship to manage our relationship with Applicants and Employees, including related to:hiring, terminations, relocation, transfers, promotions and disciplinary actions;conducting performance reviews, compensation and bonus reviews, and headcount and salary reviews;providing training and career development;tracking attendance, employee ID and badge swipe activity, time entries and working hours;administering and monitoring compliance with our policies and procedures;maintaining records of emergency contact information for use in the event of an emergency;administering or performing employment contracts where applicable;conducting pre-employment and employment screening;for professional development and training purposes and to ensure you have and maintain the correct qualifications and skills to perform your role and identify any future training needs;verification and management of identity, credentials, work visas, licensing, memberships and other qualifications;facilitating communication and collaboration, such as through the corporate directory and employee bios; andin support of our equal opportunity employment policy and diversity and inclusion program, including monitoring and reporting on equal opportunity and equal pay.Compensation and benefits: relating to our administration of payroll, compensation and benefits, including:administering payroll, salary and compensation and travel and expense reimbursement; administering pensions, IRAs and 401K, health insurance, medical plans, and other employee benefits (which may include the collection of Personal Information about others such as beneficiaries);salary, bonus and compensation analysis; calculating deductions, issuing tax return-related documents and forms to employees;reviewing timecards and reported time worked; andmonitoring and managing vacation, paid sick time, holiday, FMLA, and other leaves of absences.Business operations and client services: relating to the organization and operation of our business and our performance of services to clients, including related to:operating our business by developing, producing, marketing, selling and providing goods and services;working with Ace stores, which may not be owned by Ace Hardware;providing after-sales services to clients;auditing and assessing performance and business operations, including client services and associated activities;training and quality control;satisfying client reporting and auditing obligations;facilitating business development opportunities, as relevant; andfacilitating communications in furtherance of the foregoing.Security and monitoring: to monitor and secure our resources, network, premises and assets, including: to detect, prevent, investigate and respond to suspected or alleged misconduct or violations of Company policies and work rules;to detect, prevent, investigate and respond to security and privacy incidents;managing physical and technical access controls;maintaining and reviewing access and activity logs and records; andto ensure the security and functioning of our systems and assets, and secure our offices, premises and physical assets, including through the use of electronic access systems and video monitoring.Health and safety: for health and safety purposes, such as contact tracing or including conducting appropriate screenings of Applicants and Employees prior to entering or accessing certain locations or premises.Auditing, Accounting and Corporate Governance. Relating to financial, tax and accounting audits and assessments of our business operations, security controls, financial controls, or compliance with legal obligations, and for other internal business purposes such as administration of our records retention program.M&A and Other Business Transactions. For purposes of planning, due diligence and implementation of commercial transactions (e.g., mergers, acquisitions, asset sales or transfers, bankruptcy or reorganization or other similar business transactions).Defending and Protecting Rights. In order to protect and defend our rights and interests and those of third parties, including to manage and respond to legal claims or disputes, and to otherwise establish, defend or protect our rights or interests, health or safety of others, including in the context of anticipated or actual litigation with third parties.Compliance with Applicable Legal Obligations. Relating to compliance with applicable legal obligations (such as hiring eligibility, responding to subpoenas and court orders) as well as assessments, reviews and reporting related to such legal obligations, including under employment and labor laws and regulations, social security and tax laws, environmental regulations, workplace safety laws and regulations, and other applicable laws, regulations, opinions and guidance.Sensitive Personal InformationNotwithstanding the purposes described above, we do not collect, use or disclose of Sensitive Personal Information about Applicants and Employees beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA.
Accordingly, we use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information about Applicants and Employees as reasonably necessary and proportionate: (i) to perform the services requested by you; (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents; (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct; (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our services; (v) for compliance with our legal obligations; (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf; and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.
Your California Privacy Rights California Applicants and Employees have certain rights under the CCPA with respect to their Personal Information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions.Right to Delete: the right to request deletion of their Personal Information that we have collected about you.Right to Know/Access: the right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.Right to Correct: the right to request correction of inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you.Right to Opt-out of Sales and Sharing: the right to opt-out of the sale and sharing of their Personal Information. Under the CCPA, California residents may have the right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Information. California CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available to a third-party Personal Information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and "sharing" broadly includes disclosing or making available Personal Information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, if you apply to an open position on our website, we may "sell" or "share" (as defined by the CCPA), the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers and Internet or Other Electric Network Activity Information. We "sell" or "share" these categories to third-party advertising networks, analytics providers, and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not sell or share any Personal Information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. To opt out from the sharing or sale of Personal Information, please click on the "Your Privacy Choices" link on the bottom of the website homepage.Global Privacy Controls: You also have the right to opt-out of "sales" and "sharing" of your Personal Information through the use of an opt-out preference signal. If our Site detects that your browser or device is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as the "global privacy control"—or GPC— signal, we will opt that browser or device out of cookies on our Site that result in a "sale" or "sharing" of your Personal Information. If you come to our Site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out, or use an opt-out preference signal, for that browser and/or device as well.Right to Limit Use/Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: the right to request the limitation of certain uses and disclosures of Sensitive Personal Information if we are inferring characteristics about you.Right to No Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.How do I submit a CCPA request?Applicants and employees may be able to exercise many of these rights themselves by logging into the Applicant and Employee portal. Otherwise, to submit a request to Ace Hardware to exercise your CCPA rights, you or your authorized agent may submit a privacy request through our Your Privacy Choices webform or by clicking the "Your Privacy Choices" button on the bottom of Careers.AceHardware.com. Additionally, individuals may contact the Ace Care Center at 1-888-827-4223. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California consumers as required by law. We will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. Your request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative (i.e., by completing all required fields on our webform if you choose to submit a request in that manner).In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request.
Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual through one of the above methods; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant employee directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.Notice to California residents under 18 years of ageIf you are a registered user of online services under the age of 18, and we have actual knowledge of your age, then under California law you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information you have posted on our online services. To do so, please contact us at the address, phone number or email address mentioned within this Privacy Policy. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content. For example, removal may not be possible or permitted if another provision of law requires the content to be maintained, if it was posted or reposted by others, or if we paid compensation to you in exchange for the posting.How do I contact you with questions about this Employee and Applicant Notice? If you have any questions or concerns regarding our use of personal information as described in this Applicant and Employee Notice, please contact HRCalPrivacy@acehardware.com or call the Ace Care Center at 1-888-827-4223.How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?This Privacy Policy is in effect as of the date noted at the top of the Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will post the revised version here and change the "last updated date" (the date it applies from) at the top of the Privacy Policy. You should check here regularly for the most up-to-date version of the Privacy Policy.Terms of Use TERMS OF USELast Updated January 3, 2023 Ace Hardware Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "Ace" or "we" or "us") are pleased to offer you our websites, mobile applications, and other online, digital and mobile services, applications, platforms, and tools that link to these Terms of Use or on which these Terms of Use appear, as well as the content, features, and software available on them (collectively, the "Online Services"). These Terms of Use form an agreement between Ace and you and set forth the terms and conditions upon which we make the Online Services available to you. You must be 18 years of age or older to use the Online Services.PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE ONLINE SERVICES. THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING AN ARBITRATION PROVISION, WAIVERS OF CLASS ACTIONS AND JURY TRIALS, AND LIMITATIONS ON ACE'S LIABILITY. YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES CONFIRMS YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE AND ALL POLICIES, TERMS, AND CONDITIONS STATED OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND ADDITIONAL TERMS, YOU ARE PROHIBITED FROM, AND MUST IMMEDIATELY CEASE, ACCESSING OR USING THE ONLINE SERVICES. We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time, at our sole discretion, and without prior notice to you. It is your responsibility to check regularly for modifications to these Terms of Use. See the section below on Modification of Terms of Use
for additional information.
Note for Non-U.S. Visitors: The Online Services and the products and services offered on the Online Services are intended only for residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia and are not directed to individuals residing outside the United States. Ace makes no claims that the Online Services are appropriate or legal outside of the United States. If you reside outside the United States, do not access or use the Online Services. Privacy Additional TermsModification of Terms of UseModification of Cancellation of Online ServicesAccounts; SecurityAccount Termination and SuspensionBusiness AccountsPurchases and PaymentDelivery OptionsPromotionsProduct Information and Other InformationIntellectual Property and Ownership; LicenseThird-Party LinksProhibited ConductUser Generated ContentIdea SubmissionsDigital Millennium Copyright Act Notice PliicyWarranty; DisclaimersLimitations of LiabilityDispute Resliution; Arbitration; Prohibition of Class ActionsChoice of LawIndemnityMiscellaneousAdditional AssistanceMobile Applications1.
Privacy. Ace's Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Online Services and is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Please review our Privacy Policy to learn more about Ace's collection, use, and sharing of your information, including communications from Ace and your choices regarding communications. 2. Additional Terms. Additional policies, guidelines, FAQs, rules, click-through agreements, and other terms and conditions may apply to certain portions of the Online Services or certain content, features, products, and services available on the Online Services (collectively, "Additional Terms"). These Additional Terms include, without limitation:Ace Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions, which govern participation in the Ace Rewards Program.Ace Card Terms and Conditions, which govern the purchase and use of Ace gift cards and e-gift cards. Customer Service policies, including our 30 Day Return Policy, which govern purchases on the Online Services. Please note that these policies apply to purchases on the Online Services only, and each Ace Hardware store has its own customer service and return policies. Please consult your local store for details.
Official Rules for contests and sweepstakes.The Additional Terms, which are made part of these Terms of Use by this reference, are intended to supplement, not replace, these Terms of Use. However, to the extent of any conflict between any applicable Additional Terms and these Terms of Use, the Additional Terms will prevail. The Additional Terms may be modified from time to time. Modified versions of the Additional Terms shall be effective immediately upon posting.3. Modification of Terms of Use. We may revise these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of these Terms of Use will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. You should check this page regularly to see if any recent changes to these Terms of Use have occurred. In some cases, we may post a notice of the revision on the Online Services and/or send an email or other communication notifying users of the changes. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of our Online Services after we post a revised version of the Terms of Use, you agree to the Terms of Use as modified.4. Modification or Cancellation of Online Services. We reserve the right at any time, with or without notice, to modify or terminate the Online Services or any portion thereof.5. Accounts; Security. Some portions of the Online Services may permit or require you to create or maintain an account. You agree to provide accurate and complete information when you create an account and promptly update such information to keep it accurate. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password ("Account Credentials") and for restricting access to such information and to your computer or device. Accounts may be created only by the individual that is the subject of the account and may not be transferred. You may not permit others to use your account and you may not use anyone else's account at any time. NEVERTHELESS, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE AND LIABLE FOR ALL ACTIVITIES THAT OCCUR UNDER YOUR ACCOUNT, AND WE MAY RELY ON THE AUTHORITY OF ANYONE ACCESSING YOUR ACCOUNT OR USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS. You agree to immediately notify us if your Account Credentials are compromised or of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Ace shall not be liable for any damages resulting from any compromise of the confidentiality of your Account Credentials or any unauthorized access to your account or use of your Account Credentials. Please see our Customer Service policies for additional information on opening and managing your account. Please note that your online account is separate from your Ace Rewards account, but you may choose to link the two accounts to earn Points and redeem Rewards for purchases on the Online Services. For more information about the Ace Rewards program, please review the Ace Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions.6. Account Termination and Suspension. You may terminate your account by contacting Ace's customer care department by phone at 888-827-4223 or via the Contact Us Form. Ace may suspend or terminate your account and/or your use of the Online Services at any time for any reason with or without notice to you and without liability to you. In addition, Ace may take any and all actions we deem necessary or reasonable to help ensure the security and integrity of the Online Services and your account. You will remain liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination or suspension. 7. Business Accounts. The Online Services accounts are intended for personal, household use by consumers and may not be used by businesses or other entities or for commercial purposes except through a business account, which may be subject to additional terms and conditions. The Online Services may not be used to order Products (as defined below) for resale except through a business account, and Ace does not permit the Online Services to be used by resellers as a drop ship supplier. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, resellers of Products are prohibited from (i) using the Online Services to ship or deliver Products to their customers, (ii) having their customers pick up Products at an Ace Hardware store; and (iii) using the Ace name, logo, and trademarks in any manner in connection with reseller's business, including failure to remove materials referencing Ace, such as packing slips, prior to shipping Products to customers. For information on Business Accounts and purchasing options available to resellers, please visit our Business Accounts page.8. Purchases and Payment. The products and services offered on the Online Services (collectively, the "Products") and the features, contents, specifications, availability, and prices of the Products are subject to change at any time without notice. Except as otherwise noted in these Terms of Use, Ace is the merchant of record for the Products you purchase on the Online Services. Although the Online Services may display advertisements by, and links to websites maintained by, independently owned and operated Ace Hardware stores, Ace is not responsible for the contents of such advertisements and/or websites and Ace is not the seller or merchant of record for any products or services offered on such websites. You agree to ascertain and obey all local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) applicable to the purchase, possession, use and sale of any Product. By placing an order, you represent that the Products ordered will be purchased and used only in a lawful manner.The inclusion of a Product on the Online Services does not imply or warrant that the Product is or will be available at any time. Product availability and pricing vary and are determined by your location, as derived from your IP address or a location that you provide, or by the advertisement or marketing channel that directed you to the Online Services. In addition, pricing for Products offered on the Online Services may differ from prices available in Ace Hardware stores. All references to currency are stated in United States dollars.While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a Product. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any Product, to reject any order, and/or to cancel any order at any time. We may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. By placing an order for Products on the Online Services, you agree to pay all Product prices, together with all applicable fees, charges, and taxes as displayed during the checkout process, including fees for delivery, assembly, and haul away, service fees, shipping and handling charges, and government mandated fees (such as delivery surcharges). You represent and warrant that you are the holder of and have the right to use the credit card, debit card, or other payment method you provide to us. Ace reserves the right to change payment terms and methods at any time without notice to you. We may, in our sole discretion, offer refunds or credits on case-by-case basis and in accordance with our 30 Day Return Policy. Please see our Customer Service policies for additional information regarding purchases, including information regarding payment options, taxes, discount codes, online redemption of Ace Rewards, the tracking, cancellation, and fulfillment of orders, communications regarding your order, Product recalls, and our 30 Day Return Policy.
There is no charge to use the Online Services, although you will be charged for purchases you make through the Online Services as described in these Terms of Use. If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.9. Delivery Options. Subject to the limitations and restrictions of the Online Services, the limitations, restrictions, and terms described in the Customer Service policies, and the payment of any applicable charges, when an order is placed using the Online Services, you have the following options:AssemblyIf assembly is available, you may elect to have select Products assembled by a participating Ace Hardware store. Assembly is not available on all Products and is not available for Products shipped to home by carrier. The local Ace Hardware store providing the assembly services is the merchant of record for such services and you must file any claims related to the assembly services, including claims for improper assembly or Products damaged during assembly, directly with the store. ACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO, ASSEMBLY SERVICES. For more information on Product assembly, please review our Customer Service policies.Ship to HomeIf shipping is available, you may have the Product(s) shipped by carrier to an address in the United States designated by you, as long as the shipping address is compliant with our applicable shipping restrictions and the Product is shipped either to you at your address or to a bona fide gift recipient at their address. Ship by carrier is not available if you purchase Product assembly. Shipment of Products by carrier is made pursuant to a shipment contract. Risk of loss for and title to such Products will pass to you upon delivery of the Products to the carrier. You agree and acknowledge that you are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. For more information on shipment by carrier, please review our Customer Service policies.Store PickupIf store pickup is available, you may pick up the Product(s) at a participating local Ace Hardware store, as indicated in the Online Services. Risk of loss for and title to such Products will pass to you when you pick up the Products from the designated participating Ace Hardware store. For more information on store pickup, please review our Customer Service policies.Delivery from StoreIf delivery is available, you may have the Product(s) delivered by a participating local Ace Hardware store to an address designated by you, as long as the delivery address is compliant with our applicable delivery from store restrictions and the Product is delivered to you at your address or to a bona fide gift recipient at their address. Additional service fees may apply to the delivery of some Products, including bulky items. If you don't reside in a participating store's delivery area, extended delivery areas may be available for select eligible Products. If you reside in a participating Ace Hardware store's extended delivery area and order an eligible Product, the store may elect to deliver non-eligible Products included in the same order. However, if you remove the eligible Product from your cart or cancel your order of the eligible Product, delivery from store will no longer be available and you will need to select another available option. Risk of loss for and title to Products delivered from store will pass to you upon the local Ace Hardware store's delivery of the items to the designated delivery address. The local Ace Hardware store providing the delivery services is the merchant of record for such services and you must file any claims related to the delivery services, including claims for damaged and/or lost deliveries, directly with the store. ACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO, DELIVERY SERVICES. For more information delivery from store, please review our Customer Service policies. Haul AwayWhen you purchase a new qualifying grill on the Online Services and have it delivered from store, if haul away is available, you may elect to purchase haul away services and have your old grill hauled away by your participating local Ace Hardware store. The local Ace Hardware store providing the haul away services is the merchant of record for such services and you must file any claims related to haul away services, including claims for damaged and/or lost deliveries, directly with the store. ACE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY RELATED TO, HAUL AWAY SERVICES. For more information on haul away services, including applicable restrictions and limitations, please review our Customer Services policies. Please see the Product page for options available to you with respect to each Product you order. Ace, and each local Ace Hardware store providing Products, assembly, delivery, and/or haul away services, may cancel any order, or any portion of any order, at any time for any reason. Assembly, delivery, shipping, store pickup, and haul away of Products are not available outside the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia. 10. Promotions. From time to time, Ace may offer promotional codes, discounts, offers, sweepstakes, contests, and other promotional offers (collectively, "Promotions"). See the rules or terms of each Promotion for applicable limitations, restrictions, expiration dates and other terms. Ace reserves the right to change or cancel a Promotion at any time for any reason without notice. Except as expressly permitted by the terms or rules applicable to a specific Promotion, Promotions may not be copied or transferred. Promotions may not be sold and are not redeemable for cash.
11. Product Information and Other Information. Ace attempts to ensure that information on the Online Services, including information regarding Products, is accurate.. Despite our efforts, Product information and other information on the Online Services may be inaccurate, incomplete, or out of date. We make no representation regarding the completeness, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness, reliability, or other attributes of such information, and any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. For example, Products may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may carry a different price than that stated on the Online Services. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. Product colors may vary, and we do not guarantee that colors will be accurately displayed.
If a Product fails to conform to its description on the Online Services, your sole remedy is to return it as set forth in our 30 Day Return Policy.The Online Services may include content provided by manufacturers, licensors, influencers, aggregators, users and other third parties. All statements and opinions expressed by such third parties are the opinions of such third parties and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Ace. Ace is not liable to you or any third-party for such content. Please see the User Generated Content
section below for additional terms related to user content.12. Intellectual Property and Ownership; License. The Online Services, the design, contents, features, and functionality of the Online Services, and all proprietary and intellectual property rights in the foregoing, are owned or controlled by Ace, its licensors, or other providers of such material, are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws, and may not be copied or used (including in "meta-tags" or "hidden text") except as permitted in these Terms of Use or with the prior written permission of the owner of such material. Conditioned upon your continued compliance with these Terms of Use, Ace grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to temporarily access, use and display on your device the Online Services solely for your non-commercial personal use and for no other purpose. We reserve all rights in and to the Online Services not expressly granted to you under these Terms of Use. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, certain trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos used or displayed on the Online Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of Ace. Other trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos used or displayed on the Online Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of third parties. Nothing contained on the Online Services grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks, or logos displayed on the Online Services without the written permission of Ace or such third-party owner, as applicable. You may not reproduce or modify the Online Services or the contents of the Online Services in any way or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use the Online Services or any such content for any public or commercial purpose. You may not use the Online Services if you are the subject of sanctions under U.S. law. This license will automatically terminate if you violate any provision of these Terms of Use. Ace may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice to you. Ace's mobile applications are subject to the additional license terms and conditions set forth in the Mobile Applications
section below.13. Third-Party Links. From time to time, the Online Services may contain links to websites, applications, platforms, or services that are not owned, operated, or controlled by Ace (collectively the "Third-Party Services"). If you use links to Third-Party Services, including links to websites operated by Ace Hardware stores, you will leave the Online Services. ALL SUCH LINKS ARE PROVIDED SOLELY AS A CONVENIENCE TO YOU AND YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Ace is not responsible for and does not endorse or guarantee any Third-Party Services, or any products, services, content, or other information available on any Third-Party Services. Please note that the Online Services may contain links to certain sites or functions, including the following, that are operated by third parties, not by Ace, and may be governed by terms different than, or in addition to, these Terms of Use:
Ace Gift Card Shopping Cart and Purchases (https://acehardware.wgiftcard.com/responsive/personalize_responsive/chooseDesign/acehardware/1) Ace Handyman Services (https://www.acehandymanservices.com)Product review submissions are made available by Power Reviews and are subject to Power Reviews' Terms of Agreement and Power Reviews' Privacy Policy14. Prohibited Conduct. You agree to use the Online Services in compliance with these Terms of Use and all applicable laws, regulations, and rules. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. You also agree in relation to the Online Services not to: (i) access or attempt to access any information or material by working around any technical features that limit your use of or access to the Online Services; (ii) disrupt or interfere with the proper functioning or security of the Online Services or otherwise cause harm to the Online Services or any equipment or networks; (iii) infringe any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights; (iv) post or otherwise submit any harmful or disruptive software or files, including viruses, spyware, and ransomware; (v) interfere with or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Online Services; (vi) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (vii) use any robot, spider, or other programmatic or automatic device, including automated dial-in or inquiry devices, to obtain information from the Online Services or otherwise monitor or copy any portion of the Online Services; (viii) prepare, compile, scrape, harvest, download, or otherwise use or copy any information from the Online Services, or transmit, provide, or otherwise distribute (whether or not for a fee) such information to any third-party; (ix) transmit spam or other unsolicited or bulk communications; (x) create or use a false identity or contact information for the purpose of misleading Ace or others; (xi) violate the rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or abuse, defame, harass, stalk, or threaten another; or (xii) conduct a denial of service attack or distributed denial of service attack. In addition to any remedies that Ace may have at law or in equity, if Ace reasonably determines that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, or other provisions of these Terms of Use, Ace may take any action Ace deems necessary or advisable to cure, prevent, or address the violation, including referral to law enforcement authorities. Ace will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing Ace to disclose the identity of anyone violating the foregoing prohibitions or other provisions of these Terms of Use.15. User Generated Content. The Online Services may offer opportunities to post ratings, reviews, comments, photos, and other content (collectively, "User Generated Content"). Your User Generated Content must be truthful and accurate and must not be illegal or violate these Terms of Use (including the provisions regarding Prohibited Conduct ). Your User Generated Content must not be obscene, vulgar, or otherwise injurious or objectionable. In addition, your User Generated Content must not contain political campaigning, commercial solicitation, URLs, or any form of contact information. You may not mislead as to the origin of any User Generated Content. Please remember that your User Generated Content may be publicly available, and we are under no obligation to treat it as confidential. You must disclose in your User Generated Content (i) if Ace or our representatives provided you with a product, prize, compensation, or anything of value, or (ii) if you are an Ace employee or supplier or are otherwise connected to Ace. Any opinions, advice, or statements contained in User Generated Content are those of the respective authors, not Ace, and Ace is not responsible or liable for User Generated Content posted by you or any other user. You are solely responsible and liable for your User Generated Content. We shall have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any User Generated Content. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, post, not post and/or remove any User Generated Content for any reason in our sole discretion. Ace reserves the right to disclose your identity and other information about you to any third-party who claims your User Generated Content infringes their intellectual property rights or violates their right to privacy.You hereby grant Ace a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, print, transmit, translate, index, create derivative works from, distribute, display, and otherwise exploit your User Generated Content throughout the world in any media or format, now known or hereafter devised, without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any third-party. You hereby grant Ace, and any party authorized by Ace, the right to use the screen name or other name that you submit in connection with such User Generated Content, if we or they choose. You represent and warrant (i) that you own or otherwise control all rights in and to your User Generated Content and have all permissions necessary to grant the above licenses; and (ii) that your User Generated Content does not violate these Terms of Use. 16. Idea Submissions. Unless expressly invited in writing by Ace (for example, in order to participate in a contest), you agree not to submit any suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, or methods for new, proposed, or improved services, products, or processes ("Submissions") through the Online Services. However, should you do so, you hereby grant Ace, its affiliates, and/or their designees a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use such Submissions in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever, including reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing, merchandising, and/or marketing.17. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Policy. Ace respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks you to do the same. We comply with the copyright notice and takedown procedures set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). It is our policy to terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe the copyright rights of others. If you believe that your work has been posted on our Online Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us at the address below and provide the following information: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, and identification of the URL or other specific location on the Online Services where the material that you claim is infringing is located; (3) your address, telephone number, and email address; (4) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Ace's designated agent for notice of copyright infringement is:General Counsel
Ace Hardware Corporation
2200 Kensington Court
Oak Brook, IL 60523
Phone: 630-990-8974
Email: copyright@acehardware.com
This email address should only be used to report allegations of copyright infringement. Any other communications should be directed to Ace's customer care. Ace reserves the right to disregard a notice that fails to comply with the DMCA. In the event that Ace determines that a DMCA notice lacks validity, Ace may refuse to remove the complained of content at its discretion. Election by Ace to either remove or leave the complained of content does not constitute a legal decision about the validity of your claim of infringement or the possible defenses to a claim. Ace may share DMCA notices and counter-notices submitted to us, including your contact information, with others. By submitting such notices, you agree you have no expectation of privacy with respect to your submission.18. WARRANTY; DISCLAIMERS. Certain Products offered for sale on the Online Services may be covered by a manufacturer's warranty. Please see the manufacturer's product documentation for warranty availability and details. Ace, as a retailer, does not offer a warranty on Products.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (i) ACE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO ONLINE SERVICES AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED OR SOLD ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; (ii) THE ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE"; and (iii) ACE DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE ONLINE SERVICES. THE ONLINE SERVICES MAY BE OUT OF DATE AND ACE DOES NOT MAKE ANY COMMITMENT OR ASSUME ANY DUTY TO UPDATE THE ONLINE SERVICES. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES ARE SUBJECT ONLY TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTIES OF THEIR RESPECTIVE MANUFACTURERS, IF ANY. ACE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE ONLINE SERVICES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS OR DOWNTIME, OR ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ACE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT DEFECT OR FAILURE, CLAIMS THAT ARE DUE TO NORMAL WEAR, PRODUCT MISUSE, PRODUCT ABUSE, PRODUCT MODIFICATION, IMPROPER PRODUCT SELECTION, NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ANY CODES, OR MISAPPROPRIATION. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES TO THOSE DEFINED AS "CONSUMERS" IN THE MAGNUSON-MOSS WARRANTY-FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION IMPROVEMENTS ACT. ACE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.19. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (i) ACE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT, MOBILE DEVICES, OR OTHER PROPERTY CAUSED BY OR ARISING FROM YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION, OR USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR BROWSING THE ONLINE SERVICES OR YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION, OR USE OF ANY SOFTWARE, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS FROM THE ONLINE SERVICES; (ii) IN NO EVENT WILL ACE, ACE RETAILERS, ACE SUPPLIERS, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, OR ANY WEBSITE, APPLICATION, OR ONLINE OR DIGITAL SITE OR SERVICE LINKED TO OR FROM THE ONLINE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THE ONLINE SERVICES. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCTS THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED ON THE ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS FROM THE MANUFACTURER OF SUCH PRODUCTS, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, OR TO SEEK A RETURN AND REFUND FOR SUCH PRODUCTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH OUR 30 DAY RETURN POLICY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,
WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS THAT ARE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS FROM THE PROVIDER OR MERCHANT OF RECORD OF SUCH SERVICES.THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.20. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration; Prohibition of Class Actions. This section is deemed to be a "written agreement to arbitrate" pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and you and Ace each agree that this section is intended to satisfy the "writing" requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act.YOU AND ACE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE AT LAW OR EQUITY THAT HAS ARISEN OR MAY ARISE BETWEEN US IN CONNECTION WITH THE ONLINE SERVICES OR ANY PRODUCT OFFERED OR SOLD ON THE ONLINE SERVICES WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND ACE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED. You and Ace agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Ace in connection with the Online Services, including any Products offered or sold on the Online Services and your use of the Online Services, shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration; provided that either party may file suit in court seeking to enjoin infringement, misappropriation, or misuse of its intellectual property rights. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings are available on the AAA's website at: www.adr.org. The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or Ace may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone and/or video conference or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone and/or video conference, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. You and Ace agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Ace agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect any other person or party. You and Ace further agree that in the event this arbitration agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the prohibitions on class and representative actions and non-individualized relief set forth in this paragraph are severable and shall apply to any claim between you and Ace in any forum. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS. The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules.21. Choice of Law. These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. For any disputes not subject to binding arbitration that arise out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, the Online Services and/or any Product offered or sold on the Online Services, You and Ace hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Illinois.22. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ace, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, members, employees, and agents (collectively, the "Ace Indemnitees"), from and against any claims, demands, liabilities, losses or expenses, including attorneys' fees, made against or incurred by the Ace Indemnitees arising out of or in connection with your breach of the Terms of Use, your violation of law or the rights of Ace or any third-party, your User Generated Content, and/or your use of the Online Services.23. Miscellaneous. No delay or failure by Ace to enforce any of these Terms of Use shall be a waiver of any of our rights under these Terms of Use. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision(s) of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable, these Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained therein. Headings and captions are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of these Terms of Use. Any reference to the term "including" means "including, without limitation." You may not use or export the Online Services, or any portion thereof, or any Product offered on the Online Services in violation of applicable law, including U.S. laws and regulations related to exports.24. Additional Assistance. If you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact Ace's customer care department by phone at 888-827-4223 or through the Contact Us form.25. Mobile Applications. Apple® ("Apple") mobile devices (including iPhone®, iPad®, and Apple Watch® devices): By downloading, installing, or using an Ace mobile application available through the App StoreSM store for your Apple mobile device (the "Licensed Ace Application for iOS"), you agree that your use of such Licensed Ace Application for iOS is subject to and governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions (available at: http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html#APPS), including the Licensed Application End User License Agreement. In addition, you agree that Licensor (as defined in the Licensed Application End User License Agreement) and its vendors may collect, store, and use information obtained from you or your device, including geolocation information and push notification preferences consistent with your authorization(s), to provide services related to the Licensed Ace Application for iOS. If there is any conflict between the Apple Terms and Conditions, and these Terms and Conditions, the Apple Terms and Conditions will control with respect to your use of a Licensed Ace Application for iOS.Android™ mobile devices: By downloading, installing, or using an Ace mobile application through the Google Play™ store for your Android mobile device (the "Licensed Ace Application for Android"), you agree that your use of such Licensed Ace Application for Android is subject to and governed by terms and conditions of the following Licensed Ace Application for Android End User License Agreement:LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID END USER LICENSE AGREEMENTThe Licensed Ace Application for Android is licensed, not sold, to you by Ace Hardware Corporation ("Licensor"). Your license to the Licensed Ace Application for Android is subject to your prior acceptance of this Licensed Application End User License Agreement ("EULA"), and you agree that the terms of this EULA will apply to each Licensed Ace Application for Android that you license. Licensor reserves all rights in and to the Licensed Ace Application for Android not expressly granted to you under this EULA.a. Scope of License: This license granted to you for the Licensed Ace Application for Android by Licensor is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Licensed Ace Application for Android on any Android mobile device ("Android Device(s)") that you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules set forth in Google Play Terms of Service (available at: https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/play-terms.html) (the "Google Play Terms"). Licensor makes no representation or warranty that the Licensed Ace Application for Android will run or function properly on all Android Devices. This license does not allow you to use the Licensed Application on any Android Device that you do not own or control and you may not distribute or make the Licensed Ace Application for Android available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer redistribute, or sublicense the Licensed Ace Application for Android and, if you sell your Android Device to a third-party, you must remove the Licensed Ace Application for Android from the Android Device before doing so. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license), decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Ace Application for Android, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the Licensed Ace Application for Android). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of the Licensor and its licensors. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. The terms of this license will govern any upgrades provided by Licensor that replace and/or supplement the original Licensed Ace Application for Android, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Licensor and its vendors may collect and use technical data and related information, including technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Ace Application for Android. Licensor may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you. In addition, you agree that Licensor and its vendors may collect, store, and use information obtained from you or your device, including geolocation information and push notification preferences consistent with your authorization(s), to provide services related to the Licensed Ace Application for Android.c. Termination: The license is effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice from the Licensor if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, you shall cease all use of the Licensed Ace Application for Android and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Ace Application for Android.d. External Services; Third-Party Materials: The Licensed Ace Application for Android may enable access to Licensor's and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually, "External Services"). Use of the External Services requires Internet access and use of certain External Services requires you to accept additional terms. You agree to use the External Services at your sole risk and that neither the Licensor nor its agents shall have any liability to you for any External Services. Certain External Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties ("Third-Party Materials") or provide links to certain third-party web sites. By using the External Services, you acknowledge and agree that neither the Licensor nor its agents is responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect of such Third-Party Materials or web sites. Neither the Licensor nor its agents warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any third-party services, Third-Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third-Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Location data provided by any External Services is for basic navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed, or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Neither the Licensor, nor its agents, nor any of its content providers guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data or any other data displayed by any External Services. You agree that the External Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is owned by Licensor and/or its agents or licensors, and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including copyright, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the External Services or in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this EULA or that infringes any intellectual property rights of a third-party. No portion of the External Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the External Services, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the External Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including using the External Services to transmit any computer viruses, worms, trojan horses or other malware, or by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the External Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that neither Licensor nor its agents is in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive, infringing or illegal messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using any of the External Services. In addition, External Services and Third-Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or linked to from the Android Devices are not available in all languages or in all countries or regions. Licensor makes no representation that such External Services and Third-Party Materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use or access such External Services and Third-Party Materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including applicable local laws. Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any External Services at any time without notice. In no event will Licensor be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such External Services. Licensor may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain External Services, in any case and without notice or liability.e. NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION FOR ANDROID OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. f. Limitation of Liability: TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED ACE APPLICATION for Android, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor's total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.g. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Ace Application for Android except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Ace Application for Android was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Ace Application for Android may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Ace Application for Android, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law.h. The Licensed Ace Application for Android and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.Online Security & Safety Online Security & SafetyFraud Information & AwarenessConsumers are frequently targeted by criminals using reputable brands to compromise sensitive information.  To help protect customers, we are providing the following fraud prevention information.   Safety TipsIf you're unsure if a phone call or email is really from the company it claims to be, call the number from their legitimate website. Do not call the number that initially called you or one provided in the email.Look closely at the sender's email address and embedded URL's. More sophisticated scammers will create fake domains and websites that look nearly identical to the legitimate business.Hover your mouse over a link to see the embedded URL. Do not click on the link if the address is different than the display text.Be suspicious of unsolicited emails, phone calls, or text messages asking for personal or financial information.Never respond to emails or texts from someone you don't know or whose identity you can't confirm.Never provide personal or financial information unless you are certain of the identity of the person or business that is contacting you.Never open suspicious attachments or links.Never send money or other type of monetary payment to someone you don't know.Do not deposit a check that is sent to you with instructions to wire money back to the sender or a 3rd party. Banks are required by law to make deposited check funds available within days and identifying a fake check can take several weeks. If a check you deposit turns out to be fraudulent, you will be responsible for paying the bank back.Regularly monitor your financial statements to detect any fraudulent charges. If an unauthorized charge is made to your account, immediately contact your bank or account provider.Common Email ScamsPhishing EmailsPhishing emails attempt to entice you to click on a link that will take you to a fraudulent website that may seem legitimate. The site may ask you to "login" with your user ID and password so the scammer can then use your login credentials to take over your real account. You may also be asked to input personal or financial information that could expose you to future compromises, financial losses, and/or identity theft. The website could also contain malicious code or the email itself may have an attachment that installs malware on your device.Phishing emails may use Ace Hardware’s name and/or logo to make it appear legitimate.Reward for Completing a SurveyThese phishing emails claim they will send a free gift in exchange for completing a survey.   Once the survey is completed, you will be asked to provide payment information for shipping and handling.  Upon doing so, your payment information will be compromised by the fraud subjects.  Ace Hardware will never ask customers for payment information as part of any survey or promotion.If you receive a phishing survey email report it to fraud@acehardware.com and delete the email.  Please be sure to include the phishing email as an attachment when reporting fraud.Free Gift Card or Prize GiveawayThese phishing emails claim they are offering a free gift as part of a giveaway. Ace Hardware does not offer these types of promotions and we do not contact our customers through unsolicited email campaigns.Order ConfirmationYou will only receive an order confirmation email if you completed an order on AceHardware.com. If you did not place an order, the email is a scam; the perpetrators are expecting you to be concerned and click on a link in the email without considering its legitimacy. If you would like to see if an order was placed using your account, sign in directly using the Ace Hardware App or go to AceHardware.com.Gift Card ScamsAce Hardware gift cards can only be used at Ace Hardware stores and on AceHardware.com and cannot be used to purchase other prepaid or specialty gift cards. No legitimate government entity, including the IRS, Treasury Department, FBI, or local police department, will accept any form of gift cards as payment. Do not search your gift card balance within search engines. Only check your balance at https://acehardware.wgiftcard.com/rbc/acehardware or on the Ace Hardware mobile app.Under no circumstances should you provide a gift card number and PIN over the phone or email to an unknown person. The unknown person may try to trick you into buying gift cards and giving them the cards’ account numbers and PINs, which they may then try to use without your knowledge. Never share gift card account numbers or PINs from the back of the card with someone you don’t know.Common Gift Card ScamsIRS/Government ScamScammers call and claim that they are the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Social Security Administration (SSA) or another government agency and that the victim owes that agency money. Sometimes the scammers say that the victim will lose their house or will be arrested if they don’t pay immediately. The scammers then instruct the victims to purchase gift cards and give them the gift card numbers over the phone.If you owe federal taxes, or think you might owe taxes, hang up and call the IRS at 1-800-829-1040. IRS workers can help you with your payment questions.If you don’t owe taxes, call and report the incident to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 1-800-366-4484.You can also file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission at ftc.gov. Add "IRS Telephone Scam" to the comments in your complaint.Tech Support ScamPerpetrators of tech support scams try to trick victims into believing their computers are infected and they need help. Some scammers pretend to be associated with Microsoft, Apple or a familiar security software company such as Norton or McAfee and claim to have detected malware that poses an imminent threat to the person’s computer. Such scammers will often ask for remote access to your computer to run phony diagnostic tests and pretend to discover defects in need of fixing. They’ll pressure you to pay for unnecessary repairs or new software and ask for payment via gift cards.SMS (Text Message) PhishingLike its email-based counterpart, text message phishing (usually referred to as SMS (Short Message System) phishing or "smishing") uses social engineering tactics to gain access to private information. It may also use Ace Hardware’s name or logo to make it appear legitimate.Free Gift Card or PrizeMessages of this nature claim they are offering a free prize as part of a giveaway. Ace Hardware does not participate in these types of promotions, and we do not contact our customers through unsolicited text message campaigns.Reward for Completing a SurveyThese messages are similar to the previous example, except they claim they will send a gift in exchange for completing a survey. Customer survey requests that are validly from Ace Hardware are offered at the bottom of an in-store purchase receipt or sent via email to customers who make a Ship to Store or AceHardware.com order.Order ConfirmationIf you place an order on Ace Hardware.com, an order confirmation and receipt will only be sent to you electronically via email and never in a text. If you receive this type of message, you shouldn't open any links or respond and delete it immediately. The perpetrators are expecting you to be concerned and click on a link without considering its legitimacy.If you would like to see if an order was placed using your account, sign in directly using the Ace Hardware app or go to acehardware.comHow to Report Scams/FraudTo report it directly to Ace Hardware by submitting this form.To report it to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), forward the email to spam@uce.gov or visit their website ftc.gov.To report it to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG), forward the email to reportphishing@apwg.org.How Can We Help? How Can We Help?Thanks for visiting us online. If you ever need any help, please contact us:
Phone: 888-827-4223
Email: carecenter@acehardware.com
Contact Us Email UsFields are required unless called out as optional.Thank you!Your request has been submitted.Find your Ace Rewards numberYour Ace Rewards number can be found in the Ace Rewards section within My Account.
You will be required to sign in or create an online account to see your Ace Rewards information.
View my Ace RewardsORYour Ace Rewards number can be found on any Ace Rewards coupon you received in the mail.First Name
First Name Required
Last Name
Last Name Required
EmailWe will use this email to reply to your inquiry.
Email Required
Phone NumberWe will only call you if needed.
Phone Number Required
Order CancellationsOrder ReturnsOrder StatusPassword ResetProductsPromotionsAcehardware.com AccountAce RewardsStore LocatorIn-Store ExperienceAce Gift CardsWebsite ErrorsConsumer PrivacyMobile AppEmployment OpportunitiesSupplier InquiryStore ServicesTax QuestionsOtherSubject
Subject Required
Forgot your password? Reset Your PasswordNeed to find your closest Ace? View Store LocatorForgot your Ace Rewards number? Find Your NumberNeed to cancel your order? Request CancellationNeed your order status? Track Your OrderLooking for job opportunities at Ace? View CareersOrder # Reference (optional)0/1500 characters
Email Message Required
Please do not include any financial information such as credit card or gift card number.Send MessageCall Us1-888-827-4223Representatives are available to serve you:
Mon-Sun:
7am to 7pm (CT)Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked QuestionsQ. Do I pay online or in store?
A. Your payment is submitted online.
Q. Can I check the status of my order?
A. Yes. If you have an acehardware.com account, simply log in here and click on order history. If you do not have an acehardware.com account, you will have a shipment tracking number located on your confirmation email for ship to home orders. If you have any other questions about your order, email Customer Care here.
Q. Who do I contact if I have questions or want to return my purchase?A. Please contact Customer Care here or visit your local store for a return. You can find your local store here. The item must be returned in good condition, in original boxes (whenever possible), and with all paperwork, parts and accessories to ensure full credit. You must have your receipt. Gas powered Outdoor Equipment cannot be returned once gas or oil has been put in it, even if the Equipment has been drained of these materials. Assembled items are not returnable. For additional information regarding returns, please click here.Q. What if I need to return an item due to it being defective?A. Please return the item to the store that made the delivery and make sure to have your receipt.Q. What if I have to cancel my Ship to Home order after it's already on the way?A. Unfortunately you are unable to cancel your ship to home order if it is already on its way to you. If you wish to return the item(s) once received, please return to your nearest Ace store. You can find your local store here. You must have your receipt.Q. What if I have to cancel my order?A. Please visit our Cancellations page for more information on how to cancel your order.Q. What if I have to cancel my Deliver from Store order after it's already on the way?A. For Deliver from Store orders, you may attempt to cancel the delivery before the order is out for delivery by calling the store delivering your package, however this will vary by store.Q. What if I can’t find my password or need to reset it?A. You can reset your password here.Q. Where can I find a store location?A. Please visit our store locator here.Q. Where can I find if a product is excluded from a promotion?A. Please visit our "Exclusions" page here.Q. How long does a Free Store Pick up – Fulfilled from Store order take to process?
A. Free Store Pick up – Fulfilled from Store order processing time is dependent on store hours of operation and product availability. Typically an in stock item is available for pickup within 2 hours of placing your order.
Q. How will I know when to pick up my items at the store?
A. You will receive a "Ready for Pickup" email. This email will indicate that the item(s) are ready to be picked up at the store.
Q. How long will the store hold my order?
A. Typically a store will hold your order for 5 days.
Q. What do I need when I go to my local Ace to pick up my order?
A. You will need the following items:
Receipt with Order Number
Photo IdentificationQ. How long does it take to receive my In Stock in Warehouse order?
A. In Stock in Warehouse orders typically take 1-7 business days to arrive depending on your location. Please note, business days are Monday - Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Your order will indicate the date the items will be available.
Q. Is there a shipping charge on Ship-to-Home orders?
A. Yes, there are shipping charges associated with Ship-to-Home orders. Shipping costs for orders placed on acehardware.com are based on the weight of the total order. An order containing multiple items typically receives a volume-shipping discount and therefore your total shipping and handling cost may be lower than the sum of individual ship charges appearing in your cart. You will be provided with the total shipping cost for your order during checkout.
Q. Does Ace offer expedited shipping options?
A. Yes, Ace offers Next Day and Second Day shipping options in addition to Standard Ground.
Q. How long does it take to receive my Ship-to-Home order?
A. Next Day Shipping (Arrives Next Business Day), Second Day Shipping (Arrives within 2 Business Days) and Standard Ground Shipping (Arrives in 3 to 8 Business Days) *Total delivery time includes processing and carrier transit time for all 50 states.
*Note: Due to COVID 19 and high demand, shipping times may be delayed.
Please note, business days are Monday - Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Most items may be shipped to all 50 states via Standard Ground, Second Day and Next Day Service. However, Gift Cards can only be shipped via Standard Ground.
Q. How quickly can you Deliver from Store?
A. Please refer to the product page for the earliest delivery option.
Q. What items are eligible for Deliver from Store?
A. Not all items are eligible for delivery. If an item is available for Deliver from Store, it will be indicated on the product page and in the cart.
Q. Can I have some items delivered, some items shipped to store and other items shipped to my home?
A. Yes!
Q. Can I have some items delivered and others for pick-up at the store the same day?
A. Yes, you may choose In Store Pickup on some items in your order, while choosing Delivery from Store on others in the same cart. All Delivery items in a single order must be delivered to the same location
Q. I was able to choose Deliver from Store while shopping, but when I tried to check out, it was no longer an option. Why?
A. The delivery address you entered may not have been within the Delivery radius of the store you selected.
Q. Do you have a contact phone number?A. Yes. We can be reached at 888-827-4223. Alternatively, you can contact the Care Center through the form located here.Need help? Call 1-866-290-5334Email Sign-UpBe the first to hear about special offers, events, popular new items and helpful home improvement tips.Email:*Confirm Email:*First Name:*Last Name:*State:*Zip Code:*Ace Rewards Membership Number:Are you a home owner?YESNOI am interested in: (check all that apply) Lawn & Garden Projects Paint Projects Home Improvement Projects Outdoor/Patio LivingSUBSCRIBE *Required FieldView Privacy Policy Learn MoreJoin Now More Ways to Shop Store LocatorShop Our AdBrands We LoveThe Paint StudioStore DirectoryGift CardsAce CouponsMobile App Customer Service Contact UsTrack Your OrderEasy ReturnsShipping, Pickup & Delivery Online Security & SafetyProduct Recalls About Ace About Ace HardwareCommunity InvolvementCareersAffiliate ProgramOwn an Ace StoreHeartware StoriesBecome A Vendor Resources Tips & AdviceSales & SpecialsStore ServicesNewsroomNeighborhood NewsAnnual ReportAce Handyman ServicesLearn MoreJoin NowNeed Help?  Have a question or comment?1-888-827-4223Email UsGet Exclusive Offers & Expert TipsEmail SignupJOINOwn an Ace Store Your ultimate power tool for business success. #1 in Customer Satisfaction Ranked Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Home Improvement Retail Stores. Ranked by J.D. Power, Rated by our Customers. Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyInterest Based AdsFor U.S. Residents OnlyYour Privacy Choices © 2023 Ace Hardware. Ace Hardware and the Ace Hardware logo are registered trademarks of Ace Hardware Corporation. All rights reserved. For screen reader problems with this website, please call 1-888-827-4223 or Email Us. Prices, promotions, styles, and availability may vary. Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Select Your Local Ace×Successfully saved!something went wrong!Your local Ace Handyman: (Need a different Location?)Contact InfoProject Location Project InfoScheduleYour contact information:Next Where will the work be done? StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming BackNext Tell us about your project: BackNext Choose a few times that work best for you:123Scheduling your project is easy!Simply choose date & time option(s) that fit your schedule. Rest assured, we'll call to confirm.Date PickerPlease select date to proceed.Morning8am-12pm Afternoon12pm-5pmNext Continue without selecting times BackNext SubmitWe're sorry, there isn’t an Ace Handyman Services in your area yet.Thank you!We'll reach out to you shortly to discuss your project and answer any questions you may have.CloseFind a Pro!BackPlease enter a Zip Code.Handyman Service is currently not available in your area.