Skip to content
Menu
Story
Apps
Career
Team
Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, ‘us’ ‘we’ or ‘our’ means Vulcan Labs Co., Ltd . We are committed to respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy sets outs out how we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information. By providing personal information to us, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any other arrangements that apply between us. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing changes to it on our website. We encourage you to check our website periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
Data Protection
Data Protection Legislation: We are committed to adhering to the Data Protection Act 1998 and thereafter: unless and until the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) is no longer directly applicable in the UK, the GDPR and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK; and then any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998.
At Vulcan Labs, we do not misuse your data. All information uploaded by our users is processed for the purpose of our Services. No data collected is sold to third parties or used in any capacity other than for the purpose of our products and mobile applications.
What personal information do we collect?
your device ID, device type, geo-location information and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
details of the products and services we have provided to you or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and respond to your enquiries;
cloud files that users imported when using our products and mobile applications. We do not collect or store any information or contents from the user’s Google Drive account.
any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or app or indirectly through your use of our website or app or online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information; information you provide to us through customer surveys; or any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
We may collect this information when you:
register on our website or app;
communicate with us through correspondence, chats, email, or when you share information with us from other social applications, services or websites;
interact with our sites, services, content and advertising; or
invest in our business or enquire as to a potential purchase in our business.
In addition, when you apply for a job or position with us we may collect certain information from you (including your name, contact details, working history and relevant records checks) from any recruitment consultant, your previous employers and others who may be able to provide information to us to assist in our decision on whether or not to make you an offer of employment or engage you under a contract. This Privacy Policy does not apply to acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees, which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
Why do we collect, use and disclose personal information
to enable you to access and use our website, services and apps;
to operate, protect, improve and optimise our website, services and app, business and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing; to send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;
to send you marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners that we think you may find interesting;
to administer rewards, surveys, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to consider your employment application.
We may also disclose your personal information to a trusted third party who also holds other information about you. This third party may combine that information in order to enable it and us to develop anonymised consumer insights so that we can better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience and enhance the products and services that you receive.
Using our website and cookies
Guidance note What’s on your website? Does your website use cookies? Please check whether the statements below accurately reflect the ways in which you track and collect personal information through your website, including through cookies. You may also want to consider adding further information about your use of cookies or beacons if your product or service relies heavily on these. Traditionally, cookies and information obtained from cookies are not treated as personal information if they cannot identify an individual. However, with the increasing complexity of cookies and the data that may be collected by cookies, some cookies and the data collected may qualify as personal information. Please consider whether any cookies that your company uses will collect personal information.We may collect personal information about you when you use and access our website. While we do not use browsing information to identify you personally, we may record certain information about your use of our website, such as which pages you visit, the time and date of your visit and the internet protocol address assigned to your computer. We may also use ‘cookies’ or other similar tracking technologies on our website that help us track your website usage and remember your preferences. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions. You can disable cookies through your internet browser but our websites may not work as intended for you if you do so.
Our app only use the photo that users grant us permission to perform our features. We do not store or collect any other information except for the photo for any other purposes than performing our service. All the photos are not stored after generating the content for users.
At Vulcan Labs, we do not misuse your data. All information uploaded by our users is processed for the purpose of our Services. No data collected is shared or sold to third parties or used in any capacity other than for the purpose of our products and mobile applications.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We collect your photograph, with your expressed permission, to generate your content. We do not use your photograph or data for any other purpose. By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content.”
User data deletion request:
Users can request us to delete their data by going to the app Settings and tapping Delete Account, or just simply go to app Settings and tap Email Us, then write us a request.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at support@vulcanlabs.co
Apps
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
10th Floor, 21 Nguyen Trung Ngan, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1 , HCMC.
Sarimi, A2 00-01, Sala Dai Quang Minh, 74 Nguyen Co Thach, An Loi Dong, District 02.
support@vulcanlabs.co
© Copyright 2023 Vulcan Labs. All rights reserved