Privacy Notice
Immedia Semiconductor, LLC ("Blink") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This privacy notice describes how we collect and process your personal information through Blink websites, devices, products, services, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice. By using Blink websites, devices, products, services, or applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Blink Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve the products and services of Blink and its affiliates.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Blink Services.
Click here to see examples of what we collect.
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Blink Services.
Automatic Information:
We automatically receive and store certain types of information when you use Blink Services, such as information about your use,
including your interaction with content and services available through Blink Services.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" and
other unique identifiers and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Blink Services and
other content served by or on behalf of Blink on other websites.
Click here to see examples of what we collect.
Information From Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.
For What Purposes does Blink Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the products and services of Blink and its affiliates. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services,
process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products, services, and promotional offers. When you make a purchase on Blink websites,
you provide your email address, first and last name, shipping address, and billing information, including credit card number, expiration date,
and security code. This information is collected by our third party payment processor. Once your order is fulfilled and shipped, our third party
payment processor provides us with your name, email address, phone number, postal address, customer ID, and the last four digits of your credit
card number. We use this information to process and fulfill your order, provide Blink Services, and provide you with product information and updates.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Blink Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix
errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Blink Services.
Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest
to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Blink Services.
Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect and process your personal information.
Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Blink Services via different channels (e.g.,
by phone, email). If you submit an email address to us in connection with your use of Blink Services, we will add you to our email marketing list
and we will send you promotional emails. You may unsubscribe by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the emails you receive. You can also request
that we not use your personal information for direct marketing by contacting
Blink Customer Support.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security
of our customers, Blink, and others.
Purposes for which we seek your consent. We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that
we communicate to you.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any
time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
What About Cookies?
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide Blink Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies
and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice.
Does Blink Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to
others. Blink shares customers’ personal information only as described below and with its affiliates that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or
follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Third Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for
products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data,
providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content,
and providing customer service.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer
information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless,
of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the event Blink or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of
course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Blink and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the
law; enforce or apply our
Terms of Service and other agreements or protect the rights, property, or safety of Blink, our users, or others.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties
and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area. Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area, we
will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems and devices with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal customer information.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. Be sure to sign
out of your Blink account when you finish using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, and order history in the "Account" section of the website.
You can access and delete video clips from your Blink app.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any question or objection as to how we collect and process your personal information, please contact
Blink Customer Support.
As discussed above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Blink Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as your account page on our websites. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of
the previous version for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communication from us, please contact
Blink Customer Support or click on the unsubscribe
link included in e-mails you have received from us.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser
notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about cookies, see our
Cookie Notice.
If you want to browse our websites anonymously, you may do so by logging out of your account and disabling cookies on your browser.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any
further processing of your data for that purpose.
Are Children Allowed to Use Blink Services?
Blink doesn't sell products for purchase by children. If you're under 18, you may use Blink Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Terms of Service, Notices and Revisions
If you choose to visit a Blink website, including blinkforhome.com your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Service,
including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy,
please contact
Blink Customer Support with a thorough description, and we
will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms of Service will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders
of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies
to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies
and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information
Terms of Service
Cookie Notice
Blink Customer Support
Customer Account
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Blink Services
You provide information to us when you:
place an order through Blink Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application;
provide account information;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with your device or another Blink Service;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload images, videos, or other files to Blink Services; or
participate in community features.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:
your name; address and phone number; payment information;
your age; your location information; content of e-mails or other communications with us; personal descriptions; images, audio, and video
stored in connection with Blink Services, information and documents regarding identity and standing; financial information; and device
log files and configurations.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet;
login, e-mail address, and password;
computer, device, and connection information such as device application or browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions,
operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
Device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;
Blink Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings
preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application);
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time); cookie number; products
and/or content you viewed, page response times, download errors, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and
mouse-overs); and
phone numbers used to call our customer service number.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or
other technical information for fraud prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your
next purchase or communication more easily; and
information about your interactions with products and services offered our affiliated companies.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Blink Services include:
status of recent order
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications, and address book);
payment settings (including partial payment card information);
your content, devices, services, and related settings; and
video clips or images associated with your account.