Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. USER INFORMATION
Who is the controller of your personal data?
Red Sky Labs, S.L.
is the CONTROLLER of the USER’s personal data and informs him/her that these data shall be
processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April (GDPR) and the Organic Law
3/2018 of 5 December (LOPDGDD)
Why do process your personal data?
To maintain a commercial relationship with the user. The planned processing operations are:
Sending commercial advertising communications by email, fax, SMS, MMS, social networks or by any
other electronic or physical means, present or future, that make it possible to carry out commercial
communications. These communications will be made by the CONTROLLER and will be related to their
products and services, or those of their partners or suppliers with whom they have reached a promotion
agreement. In this case, the third parties will never have access to personal data.
Conduct market research and statistical analysis.
Processing orders, requests, respond to queries or any type of request made by the USER through any of the
contact methods available at the CONTROLLER’s website.
Send the online newsletter on news, offers and promotions in our activity
Specific processing:
The controller will be able to access any piece of data that is necessary to carry out the functions of the specific
service of every app within the device. In particular, depending on the purpose, each app will be able to access the
following information:
Content of the user: Camara, facial recognition, gallery, SMS (to save filters, wallpapers and others)
Health and Fitness: Data regarding health and exercise (for diets and exercise routines)
Location: Precise location of the user. In in the foreground and background (to find colleagues and nearby
leisure)
Contacts and call log (to identify spam)
Identifiers: IDFA and identifiers that create the apps with backend.
Data usage: Interactions with the products
Shopping: Follow the user´s shopping experience to improve or personalize it.
Diagnose data: Time, level of battery.
Other information: Technical information of the device
Access to the device´s identifier and location to be able to target advertising as well as possible.
The information gathered is anonymized for its analysis and optimization of advertisement, and in no.scenario the
user is identified. In any case, permission will be requested to access this data. The user will be able to refuse the data
processes previously mentioned, and the app won´t offer the functionalities that depend on them.
Why can we process your personal data?
Because the processing is legitimised by article 6 of the GDPR as follows:
With the USER’s consent: sending commercial communications and the newsletter.
In the legitimate interest of the CONTROLLER: conduct market research, statistical analysis, etc. and
process orders, requests, etc. at the request of the USER.
For how long will we keep your personal data?
Data shall be stored for no longer than is necessary to maintain the purpose of the processing or for as long as there
are legal prescriptions dictating their custody, and when such purpose is no longer necessary the data shall be erased
with appropriate security measures to ensure the anonymization of the data or their complete destruction.
¿To whom do we disclose your personal data?
No communication of personal data to third parties is foreseen except, if necessary for the development and execution
of the purposes of the processing, to our suppliers of services related to communications, with which the
CONTROLLER has signed the confidentiality and data processor contracts required by current privacy regulations.
What are your rights?
The rights of the USER are:
Right to withdraw consent at any time.
Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of your data and the limitation or objection to their
processing.
The right to file a claim with the Spanish Supervisory Authority (www.aepd.es) if you consider that the
processing does not comply with the current legislation.
Minors and Incapable Person
The acceptance of this Privacy Policy ("Policy") will occur when the user or, when necessary, the respective father, mother, or tutor accesses the App
and agrees with the use of his or her personal data to each purpose described herein. In case you do not agree with this Policy, please, do not continue
interacting with the App. However, we would like to know the reason of your disagreement so that we can improve our products. Please contact us at mailto: admin@redsky-labs.com
Red Sky Labs takes it very seriously when it comes to the personal data of minors and incables people as app users.
Due to this reason, no personal data of users will be collected, stored, or otherwise processed for any purpose other than those expressed herein, except in case of a legal
obligation to be observed by Red Sky Labs.
What are Personal Data?
Personal Data are all information that may identify or make identifiable any person (“Personal Data”), such as, for instance, IP adresss, name and email adress.
What will Red Sky Labs do to your Personal Data?
When using the App, users may voluntarily provide their Personal Data, when making a purchase in the app, for instance.
In addition, users may have their Personal Data collected indirectly by tools that mange statistical analyses on the App usability and information
on errors to guarantee the stability of our product. No other user data is collected by the App ore collected. We do not collect any user level data.
Nonetheless, in case the user is willing to obtain more detailed information about the processed commented above, contact Red Sky Labs using our contact at admin@redsky-labs.com.
Red Sky Labs will work diligently to answer your inquiry, provided it does not conflict with the intellectual property rights of Red Sky Labs.
Contact information for exercising rights:
Red Sky Labs, S.L. Avenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
Email: admin@redsky-labs.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: Avenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
2. COMPULSORY OR OPTIONAL NATURE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE USER
The USERS, by marking the corresponding boxes and entering data in the fields, marked with an asterisk (*) in the
contact form or download forms, accept expressly and in a free and unequivocal way that their data are necessary for
the supplier to meet their request, voluntarily providing their data in the remaining fields. The USER ensures that the
personal data provided to the CONTROLLER are true and is responsible for communicating any changes to them.
The CONTROLLER informs that all data requested through the website are mandatory, as they are necessary for the
provision of an optimal service to the USER. In the event that not all of the data is provided, there is no guarantee that
the information and services provided will be completely adapted to the User’s needs
3. SECURITY MEASURES
That in accordance with the provisions of the current regulations on the protection of personal data, the
CONTROLLER is complying with all the provisions of the GDPR and LOPDGDD regulations for processing the
personal data for which they are responsible, and is manifestly complying with the principles described in Article 5 of
the GDPR, by which they are processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner in relation to the data subject and
appropriate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
The CONTROLLER guarantees that all appropriate technical and organisational policies have been implemented to
apply the security measures established by the GDPR and LOPDGDD in order to protect the rights and freedoms of
USERS and has communicated the appropriate information for them to be able to exercise them.
For more information about privacy guarantees, you can contact the CONTROLLER through Red Sky Labs, S.L. Avenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
Email: admin@redsky-labs.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: AAvenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
COOKIES POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
INFORMATION ABOUT COOOKIES
Due to the coming into force of the amendment to the «Law on Services of the Information Society» (LSSICE) established
by Spanish Royal Decree 13/2012, it is mandatory to obtain the express consent of the user of all web pages that use nonessential cookies before browsing them.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies and other similar technologies such as local shared objects, flash cookies or pixels, are tools used by Web servers
to store and retrieve information about their visitors, as well as to enable the proper functioning of the site.
Through using these devices, the Web server is able to remember some data concerning the user, such as their
preferences for viewing the server’s pages, their name and password, products that interest them most, etc.
COOKIES AFFECTED BY, AND COOKIES EXEMPT FROM REGULATIONS
According to the EU directive, the cookies that require the user’s informed consent are analysis, advertising and affiliation
cookies, while technical cookies and those that are necessary for the operation of the website or the provision of services
expressly requested by the user are exempt.
TYPES OF COOKIES
DEPENDING ON THE PURPOSE
Technical and functional cookies:
allow the user to navigate through a website, platform or application and the
use of different options or services available in it.
Analysis cookies:allow the controller to monitor and analyse the behaviour of the users of the websites they are
linked to. The information collected by this type of cookie is used to measure the activity of the websites, application
or platform and to carry out browsing profiling of the users of said sites, applications and platforms, with the purpose
of introducing improvements in the analysis of the user data carried out by service users.
Advertising cookies:
allow management, in the most efficient way possible, of advertising spaces which, if
applicable, the editor has included in a website, application or platform from where requested service is provided
based on data such as the edited content or frequency with which advertisements are made.
Behavioural advertising cookies:
collect information on the user’s personal preferences and choices (retargeting)
in order to allow management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces which, if applicable, the
editor has included in a website, application or platform from where the requested service is provided.
Social cookies: established by the social network platforms in the services to allow content to be shared with
friends and networks. The social media platforms have the ability to track activity online outside the Services. This
may affect the content and messages seen in other services used.
Affiliate cookies:
allow you to track visits through links from other websites, with which the website establishes
affiliate agreements (affiliate companies).
Security cookies:
store encrypted information to avoid the stored data in them being vulnerable to malicious
attacks by third parties
ACCORDING TO THE PROPERTY
Own cookies: are sent to the user’s terminal team from a team or power managed by the own editor and from
where the requested service is provided by the user.
Third party cookies: are sent to the user’s terminal team from a team or power which is not managed by the editor,
but by another body which processes data obtained through the cookies.
DEPENDING ON THE STORAGE PERIOD
Session cookies: are a type of cookie designed to collect and store data as long as the user accesses a website.
Permanent cookies:
are a type of cookies where data continues to be stored in the terminal and may be accessed
and processed for a period of time defined by the cookie controller, and that can range from a few minutes to
several years.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOOKIES
Red Sky Labs, S.L. is the Controller of the personal data of the Data Subject and informs them that these data will be
processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of 27 April 2016 (GDPR), and therefore the
following information on the processing is provided:
Purposes of the data processing: as specified in the cookies section which are used on this website.
Legitimisation of the processing: by consent of the data subject (art. 6.1 GDPR).
Data storage criteria: as specified in the cookies section used on the website.
Data communication: data will not be disclosed to third parties, except in cookies owned by third parties or under legal
obligation.
Rights of the Data Subject:
- Right to withdraw consent at any time.
- Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of data and the limitation or objection to their processing.
The right to file a claim with the Spanish Supervisory Authority (www.aepd.es) if you consider that the processing does not
comply with current legislation
Contact information to exercise their rights:
Red Sky Labs, S.L. Avenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
Email: admin@redsky-labs.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: Avenida Alcalde Díaz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2ª planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas.
COOKIER USED ON THIS WEBSITE
COOKIES CONTROLLED BY THE EDITOR
Technical and functional
Property
Cookie
Purpose
Term
redsky-labs.com
ASP.NET_Session Id
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites
written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used
to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Session
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Third-party services are beyond the control of the editor. Suppliers may at any time modify their service conditions, the
purpose and use of cookies, etc.
External suppliers of this website:
Microsoft
Property
Cookie
redsky-labs.com
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy
COOKIES CONFIGURATUON PANEL
From this panel the user will be able to configure the cookies that the website can install in their browser, except for the
technical or functional cookies that are necessary for browsing and using the different options or services that are offered.
Cookie panel
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES FROM YOUR BROWSER
Delete cookies from your device
Cookies that are already on a device can be deleted by clearing the browser history, thus
deleting the cookies from all websites visited.
However, some of the saved information (e.g. login data or website preferences) may also
be lost
Manage site specific cookies
For more precise control of site specific cookies, users can adjust their privacy settings
and cookies in their browser
Manage site specific cookies
While most modern browsers can be configured to prevent cookies from being installed
on a device, this may require the manual adjustment of certain preferences each time a
site or page is visited. In addition, some services and features may not work properly (for
example, profile logins).
HOW TO DELETE COOKIES FROM MOST COMMON BROWSERS
Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=es
Internet Explorer. Version 11
https://support.microsoft.com/es-es/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Firefox. Version 65.0.1
https://www.mozilla.org/es-ES/privacy/websites/#cookies
Safari Version 5.1
https://support.apple.com/es-es/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Opera
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/#clearBrowsingData