DailyClean Privacy Policy
Effective: 2022/6/2
Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. We are committed to the responsible management,
protection, and use of your personal information.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) serves to explain what information Apps Innova (DailyClean, etc.)
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, “us”, or “our”)
collect, and how we use and protect your information when you use any mobile applications that we develop and
are available for download in the Google Play Store.
1. What Information Do We Collect?
i. Device information
We collect your device and network connection information in order to provide you better experience when you
use our app.
This information depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your
privacy settings, and the products and features you use, and may include:
SDK/API/JS code version, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version,
application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal
device operating system version, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (Wi-Fi
and so on), the CPU, and the battery use, Screen resolution, Memory usage, Storage usage, sim operator, sim
card country, Application release status in google play, Ad loading strategy, Ad platform and advertising
placement id. Phone height and width,sim operator name,os version.
We store the information collected through the Android ID tied to the device you are using. In this way,
we can retain your advertising behavior while you are using the app. We will treat this information as
personal information
ii. Data about your use of the Services
Number of clicks, landing pages, pages viewed and order of those pages, the amount of time spent on
particular pages, the date and time of your request, number of the app opened and some viewed page.
Permissions status.
Whether the function is running normally, such as whether a virus is detected.
package name
first open time timestamp
app brand
app net status
firebase_device_id
app model
sim country
system language etc
Advertisers may store or read cookies
These data only be passed to the certified third-party statistical platform:
Firebase, Google Analytics,
Facebook Analytics，AppsFlyer and our self-built
data statistics system (ECS).
The above information is only used to improve the product experience and will not
be sold to any third parties. We will not use this information for purposes other than improving the product
experience and ad performance.
iii. Monetization and Analytical Information from Other Sources
Third-party SDKs integrated in our app may access your information, including:
Google Advertising ID
Demographic data (e.g. determination of your IP address)
Data to fight against fraud (e.g. click fraud in advertising)
Data associated with your device (e.g. device type, technological information, country)
Data to do advertising, marketing and analysis
Advertisers may store or read cookies
The information collected by third-party SDKs is governed by the providers of these SDKs and we have no control
over such third parties. The third-parties include monetization partners, such as Google Admob, Facebook
Audience Network, Applovin, Smaato, PubNative, IronSource, ChartBoost,
Mintegral etc., and also analytical tools partners, such
as Firebase, Google Analytics,
Facebook Analytics，AppsFlyer and our self-built
data statistics system (ECS) . The links to the above-mentioned platforms’ privacy policy
are attached in the section “Third-party Privacy Policy”.
iv. Android Advertising ID
We use your Android advertising identifier in order to provide you with customized advertisement experience. It
is used exclusively for advertising and analytics. Please note that the advertising identifier does not contain
any user sensitive information that can be used to identify you as a user or your device. It is not connected to
personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example: SSAID, MAC
address, IMEI, etc.).
v. Other Information
We may collect information that you directly and voluntarily provide to us. The information includes but is not
limited to: your email address, the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you.
vi. Designated Countries
For all information listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or
any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal
information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland
(collectively, the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.
2. How Do We Use the Information?
i. To improve and optimize the Services
To provide better Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Update and develop the Services
Develop and improve your experience
Manage the relationship with you
Customize your service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide support to you
Provide offers in the Services as well as in other websites and services
Send related information (e.g. updates, security alerts, support messages) to you
ii. To provide the Services
To provider the Services, we process data necessary to:
Allow you to use the Apps and the Services
Operate the Services
Provide and deliver products and services that you request
iii. To carry out activities related to advertisements and marketing
To send you personalized advertising and marketing materials, we may use the information collected from you such
as ad identifiers, age, country, region, gender, language, games played by you, information related to the
interaction of you with the Services and with other users, and so forth.
We may also use various third party advertising and marketing partners to assist us on our behalf and may share
information collected from you with such third parties for this purpose.
Hence, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and marketing materials
Pass the information collected from you to third party advertising and marketing partners
By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to use the Services, you consent to us and our
advertising and marketing partners collecting and using information about you to personalize advertising and
marketing materials and to improve your experience unless you opt out of receiving this service.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of our third party advertising and marketing partners so that
you can understand how these third parties collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for
the privacy policies of any third party whether accessed through the Services or otherwise.
iv. To secure the Services
Ensuring the security in the course of performing the Services is a top priority for us. We take appropriate
security and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, loss and misuse. To
achieve this purpose, we also request our suppliers who process personal information on our behalf to take
appropriate security measures.
In order to keep the Service safe, to fight fraud and to ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate
interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Services
Prevent cheating, crime or fraud
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving users
Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data, nor can we ensure the
security of any of the communication facilities provided by us. We recommend that you exercise caution when
disclosing any information through the Services. In particular, please note that any personally identifiable
information or personally sensitive data that you communicate or disclose to any user in connection with the
Services may be collected and used by others. As such, you should take care of the information shared online.
Please also be reminded that any questions answers, comments, submissions that you post in the forum will be
publicly available.
v. Designated Countries
For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any
equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of
users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively,
the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.
3. What Information Do We Share?
As mentioned above, your personal information may be shared with our third-party partners. We may disclose your
personal information to our business partners, including advertisers, publishers, and data tracking companies.
These business partners may use your personal information to show you advertisements, measure your ad/site
interaction, and better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behavior in order to improve their
services. Such partners’ use of the information that we disclose to them will be governed by their privacy
policies.
4. What Are the Important Permissions We Request?
Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to
let our app perform properly. You may choose to opt-out anytime, but please note that not giving us these
permissions can result in malfunctioning of our app. The permissions we ask are listed below:
Storage
read the contents of your USB storage
modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Location
approximate location (network-based)
precise location (GPS and network-based)
Wi-Fi connection information
view Wi-Fi connections
Camera
take pictures and videos
Phone
read phone status and identity
Dial a call
Other
receive data from Internet
full network access
close other apps
control vibration
measure app storage space
install shortcuts
Install apps
view network connections
reorder running apps
draw over other apps
prevent device from sleeping
uninstall shortcuts
run at startup
connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
Enable Do Not Disturb Mode
Read sync setting
Enable and Disable Sync Setting
Access Bluetooth Setting
Bluetooth pair
Ignore battery optimize
Request uninstall apps
Set wallpaper
Use Fingerprint hardware
Start foreground service
Expand and collapse  status bar
Use full screen intent
Google play billing
Google Play Install Referrer API
5. Legal Basis of Your Personal Data
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to
process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for
example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you); necessary to comply
with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory
disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship
with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and
based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with
third parties for advertising purposes).
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in
order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our apps. of
our app.
6. Your Rights
We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Services. Please contact us at
keepclean_support@appsinnova.com if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. When we receive
an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised
that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
i. Right to withdraw consent
If we rely on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any
time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third
parties based on consent before your withdrawal.
ii. Right of access and rectification
If you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we will provide you with a copy without undue
delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. We may limit your access if such
access would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals. You may also request to correct or
update any of your personal information held by us, unless you can already do so directly via the Services.
iii. Right to erasure (the “Right to be Forgotten”)
You may request us to erase any of your personal information held by us that: is no longer necessary in relation
to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that
you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing
activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
iv. Right to restriction
You have the right to restrict our processing your personal information where one of the following applies:
You contest the accuracy of your personal information that we processed. We will restrict the processing of your
personal information, which may result in an interruption of some or all of the Services, during the period
necessary for us to verify the accuracy of your personal information;
The processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information and request the restriction
of its use instead;
We no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but it is required by you to
establish, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
You have objected to processing, pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of our processing
override your rights.
We will only process your restricted personal information shall with your consent or for the establishment,
exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or
for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
v. Right to object to processing
You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal
information on the legal basis of consent, contract or legitimate interests. We can continue to process your
personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted
by applicable law.
vi. Right to data portability
If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing
is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured,
commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another
“controller”, where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights
and freedoms of others.
vii. Notification to third-parties
If we share your personal information with third parties, we will notify them of any requests for rectification,
erasure or restriction of your personal information, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate
effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
viii. Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal
information, including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an
exception applies under applicable law.
ix. Right to lodge a complaint
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at
developer@appsinnova.com so that we can work to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a
complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of
work, or place of alleged infringement.
7. Third-party Partners’ Privacy Policy
Here we list the links to the third-party partners’ privacy policy. Please note that these policies are
governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. Check the following links to get details about
how user data is collected, used and shared.
1. Google Admob & Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
2. Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
3. Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
4. Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
5. Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/general/privacy-policy/
6. smatto
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
7. PubNative
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
8. InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
9. Pangle
https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
10. Pubmatic
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
11. Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
12. Mytarget
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p
13. Adcolony
https://www.adcolony.com/consumer-privacy/
14. Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
15.AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
16.Appsflyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
17.AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
18.Unity
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
8. California Residents’ Privacy Rights
We prepare this separate Privacy Notice for California Consumers to comply with the California Consumer Privacy
Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.This notice is designed to supplement the
information described in our <Privacy Policy> and applies solely to users who reside in the State of
California (“consumers” or “you”).
IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. PLEASE REFER TO OUR MAIN
PRIVACY NOTICE HERE INSTEAD.
i. Your Right to Request for Information
As required by CCPA, you( or your authorized agent) have the right to request us to disclose information to you
about how we collect, use and share your personal information over the past 12 months.These information include:
the categories of personal information we collected; the categories of sources for personal information we
collected; our business purpose for collecting that personal information; the categories of third parties with
whom we share that personal information.
ii. Your Right to Delete Information
Under the CCPA, You( or your authorized agent) have the right to opt out of having your information sold or
shared.You (or your agent)have the right to request that we delete your specific personal information that we
collected from you and retained, except in the following cases Such cases include:
We need your information to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, or illegal activity;
We need your information to identify and repair application errors that impair existing intended
functionality; We need your information to exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to
exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
We need your information to conduct internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based
on your relationship with us;and other cases provided by CCPA and other California laws.
iii. How You Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by
keepclean_support@appsinnova.com
Only you or your authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. A
verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you identity
and make us confirm we collected personal information about you.Describe your request with sufficient details
that allows us to understand and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request accurately if we cannot verify your identity.
iv. How We Respond Your Request
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time (up
to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period by email ,telephone or other electronic
means.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive,
repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we
made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
v. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Such discrimination include:
denying you our services; charging you different prices or rates for our services; providing you a different
level or quality of our services; suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for services or a
different level or quality of services.
vi. Data collection instructions for minors
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary
actions. For users aged 13~16, they have the right to opt in, and if you are the parent or guardian of users who
are aged 13~16, you can also contact us.
9. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary
actions.
10. Changes to the Policy
Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. If such change has been made, we will provide you
additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued
use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Policy, you may contact us at email:
keepclean_support@appsinnova.com