Privacy Policy
We are devoted to safeguarding customer privacy. Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy does not track or collect any personal data from users connected to the Services, including email addresses, phone numbers, browsing histories, or traffic data.
For the aim of locating service issues and issues with our services, our program makes use of the Google service provided by a third party. The data gathered is of a generic nature and does not include any personally identifiable data.
To target prospective customers who require the benefits offered by the Services, we track sales promotions and adverts using third-party cookies, pixels, and analytics technologies. The data gathered is of a generic nature and does not include any personally identifiable data.
Consent and Age Restrictions
You agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy whether you use the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services.
Information Security
Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy would like to remind you that the security of your data is your responsibility alone. We kindly remind you to exercise caution when using and storing files on your devices that contain personal data as well as when using the devices themselves. Please make sure that no one uses your gadgets without your permission.
You must exercise extreme caution and refrain from disclosing your personal information to unaffiliated third parties because it could be used against your interests in a variety of ways, including fraud, privacy invasion, identity theft, etc.
Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy uses a number of administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect the confidentiality of the personal data; however, it is your obligation to use caution and good judgment when using the Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy Services. If such action infringes any third party's right to privacy or any other right, or any applicable legislation, you will be held personally liable. Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy shall never be held responsible for the effects of your illegal behavior, willful or careless violations of the law or the rights of third parties, or any other situation that could not have been reasonably anticipated or controlled.
How to Contact Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact Woof VPN - Fast Secure Proxy at the following email address: caiyan0703developer@gmail.com.
The last update of this Privacy Policy was made on Nov. 28, 2022.