Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationSmart switch Transfer all dataPRIVACY POLICYYour Privacy is Important
Your privacy is important to this application and always has been. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices. Personal information: We may get access to personal information like device data, gallery and camera. However with your consent and permissions third party may acquire more data to provide you services. We may disclose personal information of user only base upon on your acknowledgement or according to country’s law. Non Personal information: We may gather non personal information like WIFI network, location of user when user uses our apps. We don’t use cookies however third party may use to for user to experience good services.
Third part services: We may use various third party services to provide our services. We don’t have authority in controlling websites and a service, indeed connection to these websites appears in our apps doesn’t mean we assign them or endorse them to use information of user.
Children’s privacy policy: Our services aren’t for children under age of 3. We don’t gather personal identifiable information from anyone who is under age of 3. If you are parent or you are guardian you area ware about child has provided with personal data please contact us immediately. We are committed to eradicate that information from our services.
Permissions from the user:
Some of the Permissions Smart Switch will ask from users are: >> Storage Permission >> Internet access >> Contacts Permission >> Bluetooth Permission >> Camera Permission >> Location Permission
Why to ask for permissions! Smart Switch App will ask for above mentioned permissions just to perform its functionality properly. All of the permissions mentioned above are necessary for Smart Switch app so if you do not want to allow permissions, please don’t use this Smart Switch app.
Contact us: In case of any queries feel free to contact us at:umeedgamingstudios@gmail.com Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse