Free Vpn
Privacy Policy
We stand behind our commitment to user privacy and security. When you use our Free Vpn and services, you’ll share some information with us, which we use to provide and improve those products and services, send notifications and updates, want to support our free product through advertising. Our goal is to be upfront about what we collect, how we use it, and whom we share it with, that’s why we’ve written this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about anything in this Policy, please contact us a.s.a.p. at tuling0001@gmail.com.
Security & privacy
All of the traffic is encrypted between your device and our servers using TLS 1.2 with perfect 256-bit AES data encryption.
All of the traffic on unsecured networks such as public Wi-Fi airports, etc. is always securely encrypted by Free Vpn.
Free Vpn will never store, log, or share your true IP address, and we always delete your true IP address after your VPN session is closed
Free Vpn never associates your true IP address or unique mobile ID with your browsing information or online activities when you are using.
This privacy policy governs the manner in which Free Vpn Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "user") of the Free Vpn App. This privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by Free Vpn Inc.
What information do we collect?
Information you share to us, and it’s always optional
When you interact with our Services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us.
If you contact us directly while you meet some trouble, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact customer support, we receive the contents of messages or attachments that you send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Information when you use our services
When you launch PatornVPN to use our Services, we collect information about you or your device automatically.
We collect your IP address, immediately obfuscate and anonymize it, and provide you with a virtual or proxy IP address. We may also use your IP address to derive your approximate location in order to effectively provide the Services. Again, your true IP address is stored only for the duration of your VPN session and is cleared after your session is closed. We do not associate your true IP address with your online activities and we do not store or log your true IP address after the end of your session.
When you launch Free Vpn, we also collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system version, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information. This information does not identify you, and we use it to provide and improve the Services, and perform analytics on our services.
When you use Free Vpn to access the internet, we can’t collect any anonymous, aggregate data about which websites you visit and which apps you use.
You may see some generic ads from google and facebook that our ad partners place in front of certain apps. Keep in mind that we do not target these ads based on your personal information.
Free Vpn does not share your IP address, browsing history, or any other information you choose to provide, with advertisers. Nevertheless, advertisers may be able to collect certain information independently from you or your device when serving ads from the Free Vpn app, including your device’s advertising ID, IMEI, MAC address, and wireless carrier.
For more information regarding your device’s advertising ID and its options, please visit https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3405269, email address: tuling0001@gmail.com
for Android devices or https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074 for iOS devices.
How do we use your information?
we use your information to provide you with amazing products and services that we are constantly working to improve.
Here are some of the ways we do that:
To operate, maintain, enhance and provide features of the Services, provide services and information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide support to users.
Contact you for administrative and informational purposes.
This may include providing customer service or sending communications, including changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
How do we share your information?
We only share your information as described in this privacy policy in order to provide and improve the Services, facilitate a merger of our business, or if required to do so by law.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information on our site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Free Vpn Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Free Vpn Inc.
Email address: tuling0001@gmail.com
Copyright 2021 © Free Vpn Inc. All Rights Reserved