Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy Policy Privacy PolicyThank you for playing our game and taking an interest in privacy! This is our privacy notice. It sets out how Pebblemastera handles your personal data. If you download/play our games, you agree to this privacy statement which also forms part of our Terms of Use.1. The Data We Collect About YouDemographic Information.For some activities, your handset may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding you, your mobile device or location to the Company. The Company may use that information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide that information to advertisers and other parties with whom we have a business relationship. In addition, the Company may use any such information for security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, cheating and other improper or unlawful activities), or enforcement purposes.When you use this App, we may, at our option, automatically collect and store the following types of non-personally identifiable information received from you:click-through statistics.behavioral usage of the Appyour country.the type of mobile operating system you are using.(v) the date and time you access this App and the duration of your visit.mobile page views.the type of handset device and mobile operating system you are using(e.g. Android, iPhone, etc…). The Company only uses this data in aggregate form, for statistical purposes, and not in a manner that would give the Company sufficient information to identify you personally. Automatically collected information of that kind typically provides us with a greater understanding regarding the use of this App, including which features are the most popular with our visitors, what types of content, games, offers and products our users are interested in, where they are generally located and what are their general mobile usage behavioral patterns. That information also allows us to determine if this App is working properly, make changes to the App that allows users to have better experiences on the App, and improve the App, our offers and promotional content so that they are more relevant to our users. We collect that information and track it for statistical purposes; we do not use it to identify or to market to a particular user. This information may be shared with advertisers, fulfillment partners and other third parties on an aggregated basis, but it does not include the Personal Information of individual users (defined below).Personal Information.The Company may also, at its option, collect personally identifiable information from you when you use some of the features on the App. The Company stores your Personal Information on its servers and/or may share and store such Personal Information with third party subcontractors, affiliates of the Company, retailers, fulfillment partners and marketing partners."Personal Information" may include, without limitation: your first and last name, gender, your email address, your cell phone number, date of birth and account name, geographic location, game feature uses and preferences, and other demographic information that could help identify you. We may obtain some Personal Information through your Facebook account if you register through your Facebook credentials. If you have set up an account that is password protected in order to use any feature on the App or for any other purpose for which a password is needed, that password is also part of your Personal Information. It may be possible to use portions of this App without providing any Personal Information, but it may be necessary to provide Personal Information to utilize all features of this App, including, without limitation, receiving payments if you win.2. How We Collect Your Personal InformationWe collect information about you in many different ways.
Most of the time we collect through your direct interactions with our Services, but we may also automatically collect personal information from your devices, and occasionally from third parties or publicly available sources.We collect information about you in the following ways:Direct Interactions. When you interact with our Services, you may provide us your personal information by filling in forms, communicating with us by email, telephone, text/SMS, post, or otherwise.
This may include personal information you provide when you:Subscribe for our Services/Register for an Account;Request that the App be texted to you;Request marketing be sent to you;Enter a game, competition, promotion, or survey,Provide us feedback, request support, or otherwise communicate with Us.Automated Collection. As you interact with our Services, we may automatically collect Technical Information and Usage Information. We collect these categories of Personal Information by using cookies, SDK’s, web beacons, and other similar technologies.Third Parties or Public Sources. We may share and receive personal information about you from various third parties as follows:Technical Information and Usage Information from the following parties:Advertising NetworksContact Information, Transaction Information, and Technical Information from providers of technical, communications, and service providers;Social Networking Posting Tools and Share features. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device, and other online activity through its own technology not controlled by us. Please read their privacy policies.Identifiers and Technical Information from Social Networks when you grant us permission to access data on one or more of those services.Publicly visible data, such as your social media and other information submitted to social media or other publicly available media.3. How We Use Your Personal informationWe may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways:To create game accounts and allow users to play our games;To identify and suggest connections with other Pebblemastera users;To solicit input and feedback to improve Pebblemastera products and services and customize your user experience;To send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;To communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Pebblemastera and our selected partners;To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service;To link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services;To enable you to communicate with other users;To give you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Pebblemastera games or you can invite them to join you in Pebblemastera games.4. Marketing and Advertising PracticesWe may reach out to you in different ways, for example, to tell you about new features, games, or sweepstakes on the App we think you’d be interested in, or to show you how to use a particular feature we think you may enjoy. However, you can also let us know that you’d rather not hear from us with this type of communication.Promotional Offers From Pebblemastera. We may use any of the categories of personal information we collect to make decisions about what we think you may desire or need as our consumer. We will only make these marketing decisions if you agree to receive email marketing from us. In all cases, we allow you to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us.Mobile App Advertising and Tracking. Pebblemastera, our authorized service providers and/or other third-party partners (listed above)
involved in the delivery of advertising you receive through our App may collect information about your mobile device, including your mobile device’s advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile applications and other unaffiliated applications. We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device’s advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device for more information.In addition, you may see our services advertised in other services.
After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our app, you will become a user of our Service.
In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.Social Media Advertising. Pebblemastera also runs other kinds of online ad campaigns on social networking websites and other non-Pebblemastera websites and apps. Some of these ads may be based on information we have about users. If Pebblemastera provides information to a website or app for these advertising purposes, the information may only be used to display the Pebblemastera ad. Please see the privacy policy of the website or app where an Pebblemastera ad is shown for more information about its privacy practices and privacy choices it may offer.5. Disclosures Of Your Personal informationFrom time to time, we may need to share your personal information with others, including in the following circumstances.Disclosures to the Public. Some of your personal information will be shared with the general public, including your first name and last name initial, city, state, and country. When information is made publicly available it may be accessed by anyone with access to the platform to which the information is posted. It may also be indexed by third-party search engines, and be imported, exported, distributed, aggregated, and redistributed by others without our knowledge.Third Party Service Providers. We may share your personal information with third party service providers who perform various functions to enable us to provide our services and help us operate our business, such as website design, sending email communications, fraud detection and prevention, customer care or performing analytics. Our contracts with these third parties require them to maintain the confidentiality of the personal information we provide to them, only act on our behalf and under our instructions, and not use personal information for purposes other than the product or service they’re providing to us or on our behalf.With our Affiliates and Partners. When participating in events or activities that we offer along with our partners and/or affiliates, you may be asked to share personal information with those affiliates and/or partners.
For example, a game, contest, competition, contest, sweepstake or other offering may be co-sponsored by another company or companies. In such a situation, the information we obtain from you in connection with such a contest, sweepstake or offering may be shared with our co-sponsor, unless you instruct us not to (which may result in you not being able to participate). In some of those cases, we may act as co-controllers of your personal information, depending on the circumstances.With Unaffiliated Controllers. In some cases we may transfer personal information to unaffiliated third-party data controllers. These third parties do not act as agents or service providers and are not performing functions on our behalf. We may transfer your personal information to third-party data controllers for the following purposes:to provide you with third-party offers;to provide us information about the quality of our services offerings. We will only provide your personal information to third-party data controllers where you have not opted-out of such disclosures, or in the case of sensitive personal information, where you have opted-in if the disclosure requires consent. We enter into written contracts with any unaffiliated third-party data controllers requiring them to provide the same level of protection for your personal information that is required of us. We also limit their use of your personal information so that it is consistent with any consent you have provided and with the notices you have received.Protection of Pebblemastera and Others. We may share personal information when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Pebblemastera, our products and services, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction.
This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personal information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.Response to Subpoenas and Other Legal Requests. We may share your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we’re required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to respond to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other law enforcement request.Sale of Our Business. If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, we may be required to share your information. If so, you will be asked if you’d like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control.With your Consent. Other than as set out above, we will provide you with notice and the opportunity to choose when your personal information may be shared with other third parties.6. Data SecurityWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.7. Data RetentionWe will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data (see “EU Data Subjects Legal Rights”). In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.8. Children’s PrivacyWe comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).We do not intend to collect any personal identification information of children under the age of thirteen (13), but there may be errors during the process of collection of data. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we would take action to ensure that such information is deleted from our server.9. International Data TransfersIf you are located in the EEA, personal information collected from you via the Software and Services, will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEAwhich do not provide a similar or adequate level of protection to that provided by countries in the EEA. You hereby expressly consent to the transfer of your personal information to recipients, as described in this Privacy Policy, which are located outside the EEA.10. EU Data Subjects Privacy RightsEU data subjects have certain rights with respect to your personal information that we collect and process. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals in the EEA wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Access, Correction or Deletion. You may request access to, correction of, or deletion of your personal information. You can often go directly into the Service under Account Settings to take these actions. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in Section 9 “Data Retention”, above.Objection. You may object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Restriction. You have the right to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios:if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.Portability. You have the right to request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.File a complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information.To file a request or take action on one of your rights, please contact us at the contact details provided. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.11. Changes to our Privacy PolicyBy using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this website. You agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.This Policy is expected to change from time to time. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and provide notice to you by posting of the amended Privacy Policy on the website. We may also email you to give you notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the terms and conditions that govern the use of this Services.12. How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or wish to register a complaint in relation to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used by us, please contact us:Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse