Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy was last updated on April 25th, 2023.See previous versions here.IntroductionThis Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information if You use our Application Services or if You use an Application with Our Services integrated. The Policy tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your data to provide and improve the Services. When installing, running, and using Appvestor applications and Caller ID technology, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Appvestor Services are not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the age of 18.Interpretation and DefinitionsInterpretationUnless otherwise stated in the context, the following terms have the following meanings, and they shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.DefinitionsFor the purposes of this Privacy Policy:“Company” (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to:    Appvestor ApS     DK37614904,     Gladsaxevej 342, 2860 Soeborg     Denmark “Country” refers to Denmark.“Device” means any device that can access the Service.“Data” is any information that relates to a User of any of Our Services.“Service(s)” refers to any of Appvestor applications and/or Caller ID technology.“Data Partner” means any natural or legal person to whom data is transferred making it possible for the Data Partner to – via Appvestor’s Services – provide advertising to the end-user.“Usage Data” refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.“You” means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Services, as applicable. You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as You are the individual using the Service.Data Collection and ProcessingTypes of Data CollectedTechnical InformationWhile using Our Service We may ask You to provide Us with some necessary technical information. Technical information may include, but is not limited to: IP-address, Your country, Usage Data, device language, device internet speed, and device information number from Your device so that the Services can be provided to You. This collected information is required for Appvestor to verify that Your device is accurately registered.Other dataAppvestor accesses and processes phone numbers of, and duration of, incoming and outgoing calls and contact lists with Your explicit consent, to be able to provide You with Our caller ID service. Appvestor also accesses and makes use of the Advertising Identifier (Advertiser ID) connected to the installed app and may access and use the documentation on Your consent within Your Google Account setting regarding personalized advertisements. Documentation on this consent only entails a unique ID, which is generated when You install the mobile application and make Your choice.Furthermore, when You use Our Service, Our Data Partners may, only with Your explicit consent, collect certain device and location data (both approximate and precise location) to be able to offer a range of services that include, but are not limited to, a more customized ad experience, and improved app functionality and user experience through analytics. You can withdraw Your consent at any time.For end-users of an application with Our Services integratedIf You have installed an application on Your device which has Our service integrated, We may ask Your app provider to provide Us access to some necessary technical information. Technical information may include but is not limited to: device information number from Your device so that the Services can be provided to You. This collected information is required for Appvestor to verify that the device of the User (= You) is accurately registered.Similarly, Appvestor also accesses and makes use of the advertiser ID and the documentation on Your consent within Your Google Account setting regarding personalized advertisements. Documentation on Your consent only entails a unique ID, which is generated when You install the mobile application and make Your choice regarding advertisements. Appvestor cannot trace advertiser IDs, or the unique ID related to a consent back to the identity of a specific user.Use of Your DataAppvestor commits itself to the terms of the Google Play Developer Program Policies and reserves the right to use anonymous data for statistics and user support without restrictions regarding applicability in time.Appvestor may use Your Data for the following purposes:To provide and maintain Our Service, including monitoring the usage of Our Service for the purpose of improving the technical functionalities.To contact You: To contact You through electronic communications, such as push notifications.To manage Your requests: To attend to, and manage a request from You on the deletion of the App and all Your personal data.We may share Your Data in the following situations:With business partners (Data Partners): We may – with Your consent – share Your information with Our business partners. Our business partners may merge the collected data elements to offer You certain services when You click on ads delivered via Our Services in accordance with their stated purposes in their respective privacy policies.See our list of data partners below.Retention of Your DataAppvestor will process and retain anonymized Usage Data for analysis purposes. Your Data will be retained until the purpose of use is achieved or You choose to have it deleted. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. How long specific personal data is retained depends on the purpose for its use, however, we will delete your personal data in accordance with applicable law.Legal Basis for the Processing of Your DataAppvestor processes personal data to pursue Our legitimate interest in managing Our business – including being able to handle contracts and purchases of various products and licenses for Our business and to improve, develop and market Our Services, and comply with Our legal obligations. The legal basis for Our processing is thus the following articles in the general data protection regulation:Article 6 (1), litra a, according to which personal data may be processed with express consent.Article 6 (1), litra b, according to which personal data may be processed if this is necessary to fulfill a contract.Article 6 (1), litra c, according to which personal data may be processed if this is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.Article 6 (1), litra f, according to which personal data may be processed if this is necessary to pursue a legitimate interest unless the interests of the data subject precede this.Note: Because We process Your data partly on basis of Article 6 (1) litra f, (legitimate interests) You may in certain cases object to Our otherwise lawful processing of Your personal data if You find that Your interests in not having Your data processed exceeds Our legitimate interests in processing Your data, cf. article 21 in the general data protection regulation. See further below on Your rights under the data protection regulation.Transfer of Your DataYour Personal Data (the advertiser ID and unique ID regarding consent), may be processed in any place where Our Data Partners are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — servers located outside of Your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of Your jurisdiction.If Your data is transferred to a country outside the EU/EEA, and if the country in question has not been approved by the European Commission as providing adequate protection (See list of adequacy decisions here) Our data transfers will be based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) also approved by the European Commission.Furthermore, Appvestor will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.We have agreements with the following Data Partners. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process, and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their own Privacy Policies. We are currently partnered with the following Data Partners who all act as independent Data Controllers to whom Your data will be transferred:AdMob (Google) Privacy PolicyFacebook Audience Network Privacy PolicyThe Umlaut InsightCoreSDK Privacy PolicyTutela Privacy PolicyOutlogic Privacy PolicyCell Rebel Privacy PolicyCuebiq Privacy PolicyOpenSignal Privacy PolicyAppLovin Privacy PolicyOpenWeather Privacy PolicyGNews Privacy PolicyPangle Privacy PolicyAll of Our Service Providers reserve the right to use and merge the transferred information for statistics, customizing ads in apps and other advertising, and user support without restrictions regarding applicability in time and in accordance with their stated privacy policy.We will therefore only transfer data with Your specific consent.Other Disclosure of Your DataLaw EnforcementUnder certain circumstances, Appvestor may be required to disclose Your Data in accordance with law or in response to valid requests from public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Appvestor may also disclose information associated with You, as well as contact information to third parties if required by law. Appvestor will comply with all applicable data protection provisions, including section 5 of the Danish Act on Personal Data.Opt-Out from Data Collection and InquiriesUsers have the right to ask Appvestor not to continue the processing of Personal Data. Users can exercise their rights to prevent processing by contacting Appvestor at privacy@appvestor.comThe Services may present and contain links to and from the websites of partners and affiliates. If You follow a link to any third-party websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Appvestor does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. You may check such policies before submitting any personal data to such websites at Your own discretion.Security of Your DataThe security of Your Data is important to Us. We have implemented the appropriate technical security measures to ensure data protection in all contexts, also taking into consideration the category of the Personal Data that We process. We have further ensured contractual-based instructions to Our Data Partners regarding necessary security measures to supplement the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.Changes to the Privacy PolicyWe may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective from when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf You have any questions, requests, or comments about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us by sending an e-mail to: privacy@appvestor.comFor Users Within the European Economic Area (EEA)Appvestor undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law, if You are within the European Union (EU), to:Access Your Personal Data and update or delete the information We have on You. Please contact Us to assist You.Correct the Personal Data that We hold about You. You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.Object to the processing of Your Personal Data.. This right exists where We are relying on legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to Our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object to where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.Erasure. You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using Your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation, and opposition by contacting Us. Users can exercise their rights to prevent processing by contacting Appvestor at privacy@appvestor.com. Please note that We may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests.You have the right to complain to the Danish Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information You can contact Datatilsynet at: Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, DK 2500 Valby Telephone: + 45 33 19 32 00 E-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk For Users Within California (CCPA/CPRA Area) and Virginia (VCDPA)If You are a resident in the State of California or the State of Virginia click here to read Your rights, in addition to this Privacy Policy. Supplemental information applicable solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California or the State of Virginia.Additional Privacy Notice for US Residents.PIPA – For users in South KoreaDeletion of Your DataAll data that has fulfilled its purposes will be identified by Appvestor and deleted without delay in accordance with this privacy policy. Appvestor will take all commercially and technologically reasonable measures to ensure personal data will practically not be recoverable or reproducible. Data will specifically be deleted depending on how the data was collected, stored, and your interaction with Our Services. Digital documents containing personal data will be deleted via a technical method that will make it reasonably impossible to recover, retrieve, or become re-identifiable. Appvestor does not store personal data on non-digital documents or files.Transfer of Your DataAppvestor may share personal data as described in this privacy policy. We may share data with the following third-party service providers outside of Korea as described.Name of Party (contact information)CountryTransferred DataPurpose of TransferDate and Method of TransferRetention PeriodAmazon Web Services (aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com)IrelandPersonal data as described in this privacy policyTo host dataData is transmitted through information network when You use the ServiceUntil You choose to delete data or the agreement term with Service Provider expires.Appvestor (privacy@appvestor.com)DenmarkPersonal data as described in this privacy policyFor analysis and maintenance purposesData is transmitted through information network when You use the Service Until You choose to delete data or the agreement term with Service Provider expires.Google (Emil Ochotta dpo-google@google.com)IrelandPersonal data as described in this privacy policyFor analysis and marketing purposesData is transmitted through information network when You use the ServiceUntil You choose to delete data or the agreement term with Service Provider expires.Kochava (privacy@kochava.com)USAPersonal data as described in this privacy policyFor analysis and marketing purposesData is transmitted through information network when You use the ServiceUntil You choose to delete data or the agreement term with Service Provider expires.
Legal Pages
Privacy PolicyEULA
© 2023 Appvestor. All rights reserved.