Privacy PolicyLast Revised: July 2nd, 2021A. IntroductionWe recognizes that your privacy is very important, and we take it seriously. Your privacy and trust
are very important to us, and it is our commitment to being transparent about the use of collected
information.This Privacy Policy describes policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and
sharing of your personal information or personal data, and the choices you can make about how we use this
information when you access or use our Site, Application, and/or Services.Note that Terms of Service applies to this Privacy Policy. By accessing or using our website and
application, you are consenting that you unconditionally accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the
terms found on this Privacy Policy, please do not use the our services.THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS IMPORTANT. WE HOPE YOU WILL TAKE THE TIME TO READ IT CAREFULLY.B. Age restrictionsThis is not intended for children. Children under the age of 13 must not use our Site,
Application, and/or Services for any purpose. We will never knowingly solicit or accept personally
identifiable information or other content from a user or visitor who we know is under 13 years of age.
If we discover that a user under 13 years of age has created an account, or that a user or visitor
under 13 years of age has posted personally identifiable information or other content to the Service, we
will terminate the account and remove the information or other content.Users between 13 and 18 (refer to "Teen" below) may not access or use the Service unless (i) both the Teen
and their parent or legal guardian have first agreed to these Terms of Service; and (ii) the Teen uses an
account established by their parent or legal guardian, under such parent or guardian's supervision, and with
such parent or guardian's permission. If you permit a Teen to use the Services, you hereby agree to these
Terms of Service on behalf of both yourself and the Teen. You further agree that you are solely responsible
for any and all use of the Service by your Teen regardless of whether such use was authorized by you.C. Data CollectionWe want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services. We
use this information to operate, develop and improve our services from figuring out basic stuff such as
which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the author who
matter most to you online or which stories you might like.When you interact with our Site, Application, and/or Services, we collect information that could be used to
identify you ("Personal Data"). Some of the information we collect is stored in a manner that cannot be
linked back to you ("Non-Personal Data").When you log in, we collect information that we store with your account (typically your nickname, email
address, and a password for your account), which we treat as personal information. This log information may
include but not limited to your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time
of your query and cookie data. If you login with a social networking credential, such as with a
third-party account, we will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name
and email address. You can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing our access to
that account. When you do not log in to our services, we store the information we collect with unique
identifiers tied to the application and device you're using. This collection helps us do things such as
maintain your language pferences across browsing sessions.We collect your payment information if you are a paying customer. This information is required to complete a
commercial transaction on our Applications and our Sites. We use this information to enable and fulfill your
transaction. If you choose to use any third-party's service to finalize and pay for your order, you will
provide your credit card number directly to the third-party. The privacy policy of the third-party will
apply to the information you provide on its website.
If you choose to participate in our survey, we may request certain Information (including Personal Data and
Non-Personal Data) from you, and this information will be used to provide personalized help and
instructions. `The information we collect and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you
manage your privacy controls.D. Use of your dataWe use your data as necessary to perform our contract with you and for our
legitimate business interests. The purpose of processing and using your data is listed below:To help us provide and administer our Site, Application, and/or Services, authenticate users for security
purposes, provide personalized user features and access, process transactions, conduct research, develop new
features, and improve the features, algorithms, and usability of our Site, Application, and/or Services.To communicate with you about your use of our Site, Application, and/or Services, product announcements, and
software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance, including providing account
verification support if you're having difficulty accessing your account.To send you direct marketing information and special offers about our products and services through inbox
messages. If you do not want to receive any above-mentioned messages, please contact us through
at the time you create your account or any point thereafter.To display User Content associated with your account and make sure it is available to you when you use our
Services.To calculate aggregate statistics on the number of unique devices using our Site, Application, and/or
Services, and detect and pvent fraud and misuse of those.To analyze what features or actions are taken within our Site, Application, and/or Service to improve your
experience.To verify parental and guardian consent to use by an underage minor through a payment procedure.To facilitate your purchases within our Site, Application, and/or Service and validate your real name to
facilitate the creation of your Pay account.To process your payment using a third-party's payments platform.For example, we will know how many users access a specific page on the Site and which links they clicked on.
We use this aggregated information to better understand and optimize the Site.If you choose to use our service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to,
processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where your
are located, including Singapore. Such countries or regions may have laws that are less prospective than the
country or regions in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or
maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use our Site,
Application, and/or Services.E. CookiesWe use cookies to provide, protect, and promote our products.A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a
website. Cookies can remain on your device for different periods of time. Some cookies are "session
cookies", meaning that they exist only while your browser or the application is open. These are deleted
automatically once you close your browser or application. Other cookies are "permanent cookies", meaning
that they survive after your browser or application is closed. The cookies can be used by the Services to
recognize your device when you open and use the Services again.We use cookies to improve our service quality and better understand how people interact with us. We use
cookies to:Verify log-in information.Track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with the Services.Understand the total number of visitors to the Services on an ongoing basis and the types of devices.Monitor the performance of the Services and continually improve it.Customize and enhance your online experience.Provide customer service to you.You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. However, please note that if you choose to
refuse cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Services.Most devices (in the case of mobile applications) and browsers (in the case of web apps and pages) are
initially set up to accept cookies and allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will
typically be found in your browser's "options" or "pferences" menu. You can reset your browser to refuse all
cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.F. Information Sharinga. Shared information on our Site, Application, and/or ServicesAny information that you include in your publicly-visible profile, which may include your profile ID,
nickname, photo and your personal introduction will be shared on our Site, Application, and/or Services to
maintain your account in accordance with your instructions and requests.b. Sharing Your Data outside of our Site, Application, and/or ServicesSome features allow you to provide Shared Information to those outside of
your network. For example, publicly accessible blogs and forums, or certain social media features
within (such as "plug-ins" (which create a direct link between two websites)) allow you to re-post
and disclose Shared Information. If you share information using these features, third parties unrelated to
us may be able to see and use it.The information we share with such a third party is described to you when you first use
that service or feature, and we require that the third party provide the same or equal protection of user
data as stated in this policy. You can control which third parties have access to this information in your
account. You can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of that information at any time by following the
instructions set out here. Please note that if you ask us not to share that information with the third
party, you may no longer be able to use that service or feature. We are not responsible for any third party
use of any Information provided by you to them.We do not rent or sell your personal information to other companies or individuals unless
we have your consent.G. Information SecurityWe take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or
unauthorized alteration, disclosure or data destruction.We restrict access to your personal information to our staff who need to know that information to operate,
develop or improve our services.H. Updating your InformationWe provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information
and non-personal information for many of our services.You also have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it
with. You also have the right to correct that information.You can access and correct your personal information by logging into your account at any time.With respect to correction requests, where we agree that the Personal Information is inaccurate or
incomplete, we will try to tell any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information
so that they can rectify the Personal Information too.I. Deletion of your dataYou can request deletion of your data at any time by contact us at .
We will evaluate such requests on a case by case basic. We may keep some of your data for as long as
reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests, including fraud detection and pvention and to
comply with our legal obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations. Sometimes, your
request will only be satisfied by closing your account.You have the ability to delete your Account, and you should understand that upon deletion of your Account,
you will lose the right to access or use all or part of the Platform.J. Changes to this policyWe change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under
this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were
published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we'll
provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, inbox notification of Privacy Policy
changes). Such changes will be used for any and all the information provided by those who have visited,
used, or accessed the Service at the time they created their account or any point thereafter. Please note
that, by accessing or using the Platform, you are consenting that you unconditionally accept the
updated Privacy Policy.K. Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other PlatformsWe allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve
advertisements within our Platform. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send
the advertisements and links that appear on directly to you. They automatically receive your IP
address when the advertising happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or
Web Beacons) to measure their advertisements' effectiveness and personalize the advertising content you see.We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad
networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the
ability to opt-in or opt-out.You should consult these third-party ad servers or ad networks' respective privacy policies for more
information on their practices and instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy
policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites. Any
data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with is maintained and dealt with by
us under this privacy policy.L. Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about this policy, You may email us at the
following email addresses: