Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how
Messenger for SMS treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of
Messenger for SMS's products, services, and websites. Our primary goal in collecting information
is to provide and improve our products and services.
General
1. This privacy policy (“Privacy
Policy”) applies to all products/software, services and websites of Messenger for SMS.
(Messenger for SMS, “our”, “we” or “us”) (collectively, the “Services”). You (“you” or “your”)
consent to this Privacy Policy for collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your
information (personal and device information) in connection with your access to, and use of, the
Services.
2. Messenger for SMS provides “Free”
Services as well as paid Services for users. In order to pay for the “Free” Service,
personalized advertisements are placed before you. Your information is used to personalize the
advertisements.
3. The Services are not intended for use
by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract. In any event, if you under
13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not use any of
the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If you have objections to this Privacy
Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services.
you to periodically consult this section
for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email
or a system message to your account.
5. If you wish to contact our Privacy
Officer, you may contact with Email: smsmessagesfeedback@gmail.com .
Acceptance
Please read the policy carefully before
you use or access our Services. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree with our collection,
storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in the following sections. We
reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, update or modify this Privacy Policy at any
time by posting such change, update or modification on the website and in the app stores from
which Apps are made available. Any such change, update or modification will be effective
immediately upon notice. Using the functions of the application implies consent to send and
receive SMS.
IMPORTANT: BY USING THIS APPLICATION
AND/OR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION OR OUR PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES.
What Information Do We Collect?
1. Personal Information: When you sign
up for a user account for any of the Services, We collect personal information, such as your
phone number. When you sign up for paid service, we also collect your payment information for
billing purposes.
2. Device Information: When you access
our website or use our software, the information we collect include IP Addresses, location data,
Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and operating
system (such as iOS and Android).
3. User communications: When you use our
Services to make and receive telephone calls or send and receive messages, we are required to
collect telephony log information (telephone toll records) like your calling-party number,
receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls and messages, duration of
calls, routing information, and types of calls.
4. Third Party Applications or Services:
We may collect information about you or others from third party applications or services
available on our Service. For example, when you register for an account with us, you may do so
by choosing to connect your already existing social media account with our Service (e.g.,
Facebook, Google+, etc.). We receive certain information from your social media account
depending on your permissions and which information you have made public. We use this
information to make an account for you on our Service.
5. We will also visit the following
information to provide you an enhanced user experience and better services as well as to improve
our products
Device & app history
Retrieve running apps
Read your Web bookmarks and
history
Mobile data settings
Change/intercept network settings and
traffic
Identity/Contacts
Find accounts on the device
Read/ Modify your contacts
Read your own contact card
Calendar
Read calendar events plus confidential
information
Add or modify calendar events and send
emails to guests without owners' knowledge
Location
Approximate location
(network-based)
Precise location (GPS and
network-based)
SMS
Read your text messages (SMS or
MMS)
Receive text messages (SMS
/MMSWAP)
Send SMS messages
Phone
Directly call phone numbers
Reroute outgoing calls
Read call log
Read phone status and identity
Photos / Media / Files / Storage
Read the contents of your USB
storage
Modify / delete the contents of your USB
storage
Camera/ Microphone
Take pictures and videos
Record audio
Wi-Fi connection information
View Wi-Fi connections
Device ID & call information
Read phone status and identity
How and Why We Use Your
Information?
1. We use your information to
communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to make improvements to
our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam.
2. We provide the information we collect
to third parties, such as advertisers, in order to provide you with commercial advertisements.
The provision of such information generate revenue to pay in part or in whole for the Services.
We do not provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes.
If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these
companies, click here (Opt Out - NAI: Network Advertising
Initiative) .
3. We may use different technologies to
process your information for these purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your
information to provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. And we
may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal
content.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any
personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information
submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, share, and improve our
products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may
disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or
outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and
governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and
interests.
Security
We implement industry standard security
measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under
our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be
100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you
transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk.
Message usage instructions
User message usage is based on the
US Message Policy.
In particular,when you choose to use the
application, by default you agree to receive any text messages from MAVERICKS MOBILE.
Users are able to opt-out of messages by
replying STOP, UNSUBSCRIBE, CANCEL, QUIT, END, STOPALLl to the message anytime
You can send START to
resubscribe.
User Responsibilities and Code of
Conduct
You will not use the Outbound Calling,
Inbound Calling and Texting Service to do any of the following:
· Transmit any communication, content,
or message that is obscene, violent, harassing, indecent, fraudulent, defamatory, libelous,
pornographic, or contains threats or incites violence towards any person or entity;
· Generate and distribute bulk mail,
spam, chain-linked messages, calls or any similar content including any such activity that
violates any Federal Trade Commission, Federal Communications Commission regulations, or state
laws or regulations. Or advertising or promotion of commercial services or products and or
attempts to fundraise or solicit money from any other Services user.
· Operate under a false identity or by
impersonating any person or third-party entity;
· Violate any third-party’s legal rights
such as, but not limited to, intellectual property, copyrights, rights of privacy or rights of
publicity;
· Advocate illegal activities, and more
generally discuss an intent to commit illegal activities including phishing or mislead
recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
· Generate, download, upload or
transmit, whether by voice or text message, any kind of advertisement or solicitations of
commercial activities;
· Or contains links to, files that
contain viruses, malware, corrupted files, or any other similar software, programs or
files.
Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or
provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained
on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located,
including the United States. Such countries may have laws that are less protective than the
country in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or
maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the
Site or Service.
Links to other Web sites and Third Party
Ads
The Services may include advertisements
regarding or otherwise contain hyperlinks to other websites, including those of our business
partners, vendors and advertisers. Advertisements for third parties and their products may be
included with the Services and those third party advertisements and web sites may include a
cookie, web beacons, or other device(s) of the third party. We do not have control over the
cookies, web beacons, or other devices used by third parties and do not have access to whatever
information they may collect. You acknowledge and agree We are not responsible for the content
or for the privacy practices employed by third parties.
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations
(such as sending harassment messages), we will legally disclose your personal
information.
2. Your payment information may be share
with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to prevent fraud.
3. We will not sell and trade your
personal information for third parties to use.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to
children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable
steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and
stored as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
• Personal data collected for purposes
related to the performance of a contract between us and you shall be retained until such contact
has been fully performed.
• Personal Data collected for the
purposes of the Company’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill
such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by
the Company within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain
personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as
long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to retain
personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal
obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires,
personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right
to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the
retention period.
For Individuals in European Economic
Area, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to
individuals that access or use our Service while located in the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and/or United Kingdom (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data
collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the
Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.
2. We act as a data controller with
regard to any personal information collected from individuals accessing or using its Service. A
“data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which
any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service providers or
are otherwise acting on our behalf are “data processors” that handle your personal information
in accordance with our instructions.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your
Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing throughout this Policy. Below
is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the corresponding legal bases for
processing:
• Users have given their consent for one
or more specific purposes;
• provision of Data is necessary for the
performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations
thereof;
• processing is necessary for compliance
with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
• processing is related to a task that
is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
Owner;
• processing is necessary for the
purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, we will gladly help to
clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the
provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary
to enter into a contract.
4. Your Individual Rights. We provide
you with the rights described below when you use our Service. If you would like to exercise your
rights under applicable law, please contact us at smsmessagesfeedback@gmail.com . Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive
an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal
information.
• Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we
ever asked for your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw
your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our
processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your
withdrawal.
• Right of Access. Upon your request, we
will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our files without undue delay and
free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your access may be limited to the
extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals.
• Right to Rectification (or
“Correction”). You may request to correct or update any of your personal information in our
files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your personal information
directly via the Services.
• Right to Erasure (or the “Right to be
Forgotten”). Upon your request, we will erase any of your personal information in our files
that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise
processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later
withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you
object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
• Right to Restriction. You have the
right to restrict our processing of your personal information under certain conditions. During
the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only process your restricted personal
information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or
for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important
public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
• Right to Object. You may object to our
processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal
information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. We may continue
to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for
any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
• Right to Data Portability. If we
process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the
processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal
information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer
your personal information directly to another “controller,” where technically feasible, unless
exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. You right to data
portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
• Notification to Third Parties. When we
fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction
of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant personal information
unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will
identify such third parties.
• Automated Individual Decision-Making,
Including Profiling. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
automated processing of your personal information, including profiling, which produces legal or
similarly significant effects on you, unless an exception applies under applicable law.
• Limitations to Individual Rights
Requests. We may limit your individual rights requests in the following ways:
i.Where denial of access is required or
authorized by law;
ii.When granting access would have a
negative impact on other's privacy;
iii.To protect our rights and
properties; and
iv.Where the request is frivolous or
burdensome.
• Transfer of Your Personal Information.
We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the
applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out
of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual provisions for transferring
personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred.
For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or
we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
• Right to Lodge Complaints. If you
believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this
Policy, please contact us at smsmessagesfeedback@gmail.com , so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. You also
have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member
State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL SHARE YOUR
PERSONAL DATA
We may share the above categories of
Personal Data for certain business purposes, including:
Advertising
We may share or otherwise “sell”
information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in our Services. For further
information on the advertising networks which may receive this information, go to ‘APPENDIX A -
Advertising networks and their partners’ below.
APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and
their partners
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy: AWS
Privacy
AppLovin
Privacy Policy: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Privacy Policy: Fyber – Services Privacy Statement - Digital
Turbine
Google AdMob and their partners
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Smaato and their vendors
Privacy Policy: Privacy
Policy | SmaatoFor more information on the
Smaato Vendors, please visit: Partner List | Smaato
Pangle
Privacy Policy: Partner Data Privacy Policy | Pangle
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy page: Privacy -
Vungle
Inmobi
Privacy Policy: InMobi | Enterprise Mobile Marketing & Advertising
Platforms
PubNative
Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy | PubNative - Advanced Mobile
Monetization
Criteo
Privacy Policy: Privacy
Policy | Criteo
END
Made by SMS Messenger, Text it Now
Team © 2023. Privacy Policy