Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationSuper CleanPrivacy PolicyWhat information will be collected. Device Information.Only when you use our app, we will collect your device and network connection information optimize the experience.This information includes your device brand, device model, network status, etc. The device information we collect does not contain any user-sensitive information, such as device ID or any information that can be used to permanently identify the user or device. In addition, Our application integrates SDKs from multiple analysis service providers for application optimization.Our third-party SDK partners may collect and use your relevant information in order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services. They will have their own privacy policies，but we have a routine to scan all third-party SDKs to detect if they collect sensitive user information. Some third-party monetization SDKs integrated in our application may access your information for advertising optimization purposes. This information includes GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Advertising Identifier on iOS devices), region (defined as a location in a given language), location information, and IP address. Our selected partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob (monetization platform of Google LLC), Facebook Audience Network (monetization platform of Facebook, Inc.), etc. Information collected by third-party analysis tools.The partners we choose to work with include but are not limited to AppsFlyer (Appsflyer Inc.).And Firebase (analysis platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they provide us is aggregated analytical data. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information, such as Gaid (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as a location in a specific language), location information, and IP address . This policy does not govern our third-party monetization partners, as they have their own privacy policies, which can be viewed on their website.We cannot reach or control such third parties.This policy does not apply to our third-party analysis tools. You can find their privacy policy on their website.However, we have a routine to scan all third-party SDKs to detect if they collect sensitive user information. Required permissions.Here, we explain all the important permissions requested by our application.These permissions are necessary for our application to perform certain functions. Collect component usage statistics.This permission is used to identify the apps that need to be locked by the App Lock function and help users manage the usage of the apps. Collect battery statistics.This permission is used to obtain battery usage data in order to provide power consumption rankings in power saving functions.Access information about Wi-Fi networks.This permission allows APP to view the user's current network status and execute corresponding advertising strategies. How is your information stored? For the information we collect, some are only stored locally on your device, and some are stored securely in an encrypted format on our server. How to use this information? We never share your information with third parties.All the information we collect is only used to optimize our products and is stored securely on our servers in an encrypted format.This information will not be disclosed to any third party. Expand or collapse the status bar.This permission is only used to guide users who use the notification manager for the first time. Clear the cache of all installed applications.This permission is required to clear the cache of all applications installed in the garbage removal function on the user’s device. Controllable vibrator.This permission allows App Lock to provide vibration feedback after entering the wrong password. Broadcast after the system starts.This permission is used to help App Lock to run automatically when the phone restarts. Request the installation package.This permission is only used in the App Manager function to help users easily install applications. View the running application.This permission is used to view the running applications to clean up memory usage.Create windows that are displayed on top of all other applications.This permission is used to ensure the normal use of the power-saving function, display the power-saving process, and ensure the normal use of the App Lock function. Terminate the background process.
We are allowed to stop other applications and use this permission to elevate your phone. Prevent the processor from sleeping or the screen from dimming.We can avoid the screen dimming during virus scanning and junk scanning. Read and write phone storage space.Mount and unload file systems.These permissions are used to detect and delete junk files on the user's mobile phone, and allow the application to read and store photos when the user uses the Photo Vault function. Find out the space used by any package.This permission is used to find the space occupied by any package, thereby providing garbage cleaning and App Manager functions. Improve the quality of our services.We may use this information to provide services or functions in our apps.For example, we may access applications installed on your mobile phone to detect the presence of malware or viruses and provide you with real-time protection around the clock. Improve the quality of our products.As mentioned above, we collect your information for analysis purposes.This analysis data is only used for application optimization. Update privacy policy.We reserve the right to revise or modify this policy.Please read carefully and fully understand the updated privacy policy. For any update of this policy, we will send you a notification on the interface of this product to remind you of the relevant update and indicate the updated terms so that you can read it easily.If you continue to use this product, you will be deemed to have accepted the updated version of this policy.Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this policy. Third-party Partners’ Privacy Policy 1. Google Admob & Firebasehttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en2. How Google uses information from sites or apps that use Google’s serviceshttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites3. Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analyticshttps://www.facebook.com/about/privacy4. Mopubhttps://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy5. Applovinhttps://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Contact usIf you have any questions or suggestions about this policy, or you need to do your data management power to manage your privacy data, please feel free to contact us mytools607@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse