Privacy PolicyTerm Of User
Normal Proxy has an unequivocal company policy: the strongest observance of data protection and uncompromising protection of user privacy.
When using the Normal Proxy, we have no idea about your traffic data such as browsing history, traffic destination, data content, and search preferences. These are NOT monitored, recorded, logged or stored by us.
More than this, when using the Normal Proxy, we are NOT storing connection logs, meaning that we DON'T have any logs tied to your IP address, connection timestamp or session duration.
We do NOT have any access to the credit card information you submitted to our payment processor and we DO NOT connect your payment or information with any kind of online activity done by you inside the Normal Proxy tunnel.
We provide a service that protects privacy. We take your data very seriously and we put a lot of effort to ensure safe storage and protection of your data. We believe you should always know what data we collect and how we use it. This
document (Privacy Policy) defines and informs you of any and all of the instances in which your data and information is collected and used.
What does this policy cover?
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") sets forth the privacy practices of Normal Proxy (hereinafter called "Normal Proxy" or "Company") and applies to users ("user(s)" or "you") of the Software currently known as "Normal Proxy
" ("Normal Proxy ") available through the company's website at: http://normalproxy.com("Website")
This Policy applies to all Services that we offer via our entire suite of apps, and also applies to the Website as well as your use of Normal Proxy ("Services"). This Policy does not apply to any website, product or service of any third-party
company even if the website links to (or from) our Website. Please always review the privacy practices of any third-party company before deciding whether to provide any information. By using our Website or Services, you are accepting
the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not visit or use our Website or Services. Your continued use of our Website or Services will signify your acceptance of this Policy.
What data do we collect?
Information related to your account ("Personal Data"):
When registering through our Website you will be requested to provide your name, address, e-mail address, username and payment information which you submit to us voluntarily when you order or subscribe for our Services, as well as when
you fill out any of the contact forms on the Website. This information is collected for proper administration of your account and/or subscription and to offer you customer support and, to the extent you so choose, to provide you with
our newsletter and occasional promotional offers. Additionally, as part of our fraud detection measures, we shall collect data relating (i) to Website usage information, such as IP address (captured and stored in an anonymized format),
approximate location (country only), (ii) transaction information, items purchased, the price paid, billing method, partial credit card information, chargeback requests, cancelled orders. The above mentioned Personal Data is not, at
any point, associated with any kind of activity done by the user inside the Normal Proxy tunnel which is NOT recorded, logged or stored at all.
Anonymous Information ("Non-personal Data"):
Additionally, we collect and/or receive and store certain non-personal information ("Non-personal Data") whenever you interact with us. This exchange of information occurs between your browser and our affiliates or our server occurs automatically
upon accessing our pages. Through such exchange we receive Non-personal Data including without limitation, data relating to the browser you are using, mobile/desktop device, general properties and metadata, OS version, preferred language,
the date and time of your visit, battery charge, screen resolution, Google Advertising ID, Gyro-sensor data, screen size, Connectivity (WLAN), Mobile service provider, the referring website and your preferences in our Websites during
your visit. We collect such statistical information about usage as aggregate data from both the Website and Service in order to maintain a better customer experience as well as a high level of quality for the Service.
With regards to the Normal Proxy, Non-personal Data is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Thus Non-personal Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. Additionally, Non-personal Data do not
include any information about the activity performed by the user inside the Normal Proxy tunnel such as browsing history, web content accessed, destinations of traffic, DNS queries and IP addresses. We use this information for internal
monitoring, analytics and improvement of our services in the way described in this Policy.
Additionally, at your sole discretion you may approve connection diagnostics which allows for app data to be sent by the user to the customer support team, similarly to a "report a bug" feature. A connection log may also be sent together
with a ticket that is raised with our customer support, so our team can debug any faults that may appear and result in a bad experience for the user.With regards to the Normal Proxy, Non-personal Data is not associated with or linked
to your Personal Information. Thus Non-personal Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. Additionally, Non-personal Data do not include any information about the activity performed by the user inside the Normal
Proxy tunnel such as browsing history, web content accessed, destinations of traffic, DNS queries and IP addresses. We use this information for internal monitoring, analytics and improvement of our services in the way described in
this Policy. Additionally, at your sole discretion you may approve connection diagnostics which allows for app data to be sent by the user to the customer support team, similarly to a "report a bug" feature. A connection log may also
be sent together with a ticket that is raised with our customer support, so our team can debug any faults that may appear and result in a bad experience for the user.
How do we collect personal data?
Our Website contains a registration forms (e.g. during payment process or during customer support and review) that will ask users at their discretion to provide us with certain information such as their email address as detailed above.
We use this information to create an account, provide the service, send you news and updates and promotional material about our products or from some of our partners. We do not share this information with third parties, except as detailed
below and other than with the people/or associate working with the Service or Website. We additionally may use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information on
this point.
Users may opt out of any unwanted emails by the unsubscribe option in the emails or by contacting us directly at support [email protected].
In order to maintain a high-quality degree for our service and also an excellent customer support experience, Normal Proxy is using certain 3rd parties to collect and process the following aggregate data:
How do we collect non-personal data?
We automatically collect anonymous Non-personal Information through different technologies as described below.
A. Website:
Our website may use 3rd parties such as Google Analytics and third-party analytics, such as Appsflyer, to better understand how you use the Site and ways that we can improve your experience. Through these tools, we can see trends of usage
of our Website such as total number of unique users, popular webpages or articles by number of total impressions, etc. These third parties use pixels or cookies to measure things such as the average time spent by users on the Site
or visited pages so we learn how to improve the Site for you. Please see more information about this in our Cookie Policy.
To learn more how Google uses data from our use of Google Analytics Cookie we recommend you review Google’s policies located at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
We also encourage you to review the Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information.
B. Service:
The performance of the Service is measured through a series of events sent anonymously to third-party services which is building aggregate data based on certain trends. Few examples of events are indicatively mentioned below:
Connection Attempt: We collect this information to know the usage request directed to our Service on a particular hourly/daily/weekly/monthly interval, the country of origin (but not your source IP address), your Normal Proxy version,
etc. This metric allows us to properly adjust our infrastructure according to the demand.
Connection Successful: We collect this information to know how many users per hourly/daily/weekly/monthly intervals successfully established connections to our service. This information correlated with the above event results, is helping
our engineers to determine if there are any network issues which might prevent users from starting the service, identify peak hour intervals for our service so we can have the infrastructure scaled to meet the requests, etc.
Why do we collect Your Personal Data?
We collect the Personal Data for the purpose of:
Service improvement and personalization of the user experience on Uranus NetTest
The proper administration of our Website and business
The performance of the contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract
Scientific research, fraud detection/prevention and improvement of the Service
To notify you of our new services or changes to our existing Services
To send you technical or service-related communications
To enforce the Terms of Service
Customer Analytics
Sharing Your Personal Data
We do not share, sell, rent or trade your Personal Data with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our
ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.
We may further collect and possibly share your Personal Data to enforce the Terms of Service. This may be done to prevent a crime or violation of our Terms of Service or to help solve a transgression that has been committed.
We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Data as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web
site.
Lastly, we may share Non-personal Data associated with the use of our Website and the Services with 3rd part suppliers for the purposes of optimization of our Website and Services as well customer analytics and fraud prevention (e.g.VWO,
Appsflyer, Google, Instabug, BugSplat, OpenX, etc). These third parties will use Non-personal Data and/or Personal Data relating to your use of our Website to evaluate your use of the Website, compile reports on Site activity and provide
other Site activity and internet related services, all in accordance with their applicable privacy policy. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for further information on the use of Non-Personal Data by our 3rd Party Service Providers.