HOME
APPS
GAMES
ABOUT
CONTACTS
Privacy policy
Last Modified: April 24, 2023
DoMobile values your privacy. When you use our services (including websites, mobile applications and games), we may collect and use your related information. If the related information was not provided, otherwise you may not register as our user to use some of our services or we may not able to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences from our services. So we've developed a Privacy Policy that covers aspects of how we and our marketing and ads partners collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
If you don't agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the service. By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and any implementing legislation (the "GDPR"), DoMobile (referred to as “we”, “us”, or “our”) will be the data controller responsible for any personal data we process.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, including those related to exercise any of your rights, please contact us through privacy@domobile.com.
Information collection
1. Information you provide us.
According to the needs of different features, we may collect the information you provided to us. Such as the name or email address you submitted while you register an account, or the problem description you sent to us for customer support. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organizations, including trade union memberships.
2. Information we collect automatically.
We automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, including but not limited to:
• Device information. Such as your mobile device's brand, model, operating system, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory ("RAM"), the application you have installed, the applications you have running in the background, mobile device's advertising ID, activation time and country code of the device etc.
• Information of your use of the services. Such as content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device. According to the needs of specific features, we may read (probably not save) your photos, media and files, use the mobile camera and microphone, get Wi-Fi connection information, device ID and location information etc.
• Information about your account and game progress. Such player profile, the level and equipment information etc.
3.Information we collect from our partners.
• Information we receive if you link a third party tool (such as Facebook, Google or Twitter) with the Service. Such as account and avatar.
• Information that can help us the better understand the use method of the Services better. We may work with third-party data analysis service provider to know the use frequency and time of the Service. These service providers may collect related information, such as the content you viewed, the linked you jumped to when using our service, and the system information and geography information of your device etc. The information may be transferred to related third-party data analyze service provider and saved by them.
• The Services may include links to third-party websites (such as social media services) where you may be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies on the third-party websites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites.
How we use and share information
We may use your Information for the following purposes:
1. to provide our services to you. Such as, when you want to reset password, we collect the IMEI code of the device.
2. to assure the safety of products and services we offer via using your information on identification-check, customer services, security, fraud-detection, archives and backups when we are providing you with our services;
3. to help us develop new services and improve our existing services;
4. to analyze data and better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services to better respond your desires and preferences, including language and location setting, personalized services, help and instructions, or other responses to you and other customers on other aspects of our services;
5. to verify software or administer software upgrades;
6. to allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
7. to evaluate the effect of advertisements and other marketing scheme we put in our services and improve it, so we can push advertisements you have more interest or better meet your needs,
8. Social feature is an important part of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
9. We disclose your information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, ("Service Providers") who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Services, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
10. It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence − for DoMobile to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the 'IDFA'), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use websites and applications.
Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your desktop computer or mobile device. You can withdraw your consent to cookies by updating the settings within your browser. However, some parts of the Services may not function normally.
Your rights and options
1. You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings.
2. You can restrict us to collect related information from your devices by changing the "Settings" in the devices.
3. You have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers and third parties where your information has been “sold” or “shared” to do the same) by sending an email to privacy@domobile.com, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
•
· Complete your transaction;
· Provide you a good or service;
· Perform a contract between us and you;
· Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
· Fix our system in the case of a bug;
· Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
· Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
· Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
· Comply with a legal obligation; or
· Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Information Security
DoMobile is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Personal and Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
Children
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children during using DoMobile products and services. We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 18, you may use our website with accompany of your parents or guardians.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about DoMobile's Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us.
DoMobile may update its Privacy Policy from time to time, which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you could immediately stop all use of all the Services. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
COPYRIGHT ©2023 DOMOBILE LTD.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Privacy Policy