Privacy Policy
We care about protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how Toodu Proxy and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Toodu Proxy,” “we,” or “us,”) collect, use, and share your personal information when you access or use the Toodu Proxy applicatio.
Personal Information That We Collect
Personal information means information that, alone or in combination with other information, may be used to identify you. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, user name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. When you use our Services, we may collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide To Us
We collect any personal information you provide to us when you use our Services. For example, you may provide additional account information, such as your language preferences. You may also provide information when participating in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or events, such as your contact information. You are solely responsible for ensuring the information you provide to us is correct and up-to-date.
Toodu Proxy application Data
When you use Toodu Proxy application’s features, we may collect information such as your VPN connections history on the app, logs & metadata, connection duration, and purchase history.
Activity and Usage Data
While accessing or using the Services, we may automatically collect information about how you interact with the services. Such information may include your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device identifier, advertising identifier, MAC address, operating system, browser type, language preferences, referring and exiting pages, crash data, location data, purchasing activity, and other data regarding your activities on the Services. For more information, see the section.
Security
Toodu Proxy application takes the security of personal information seriously. We adopt standard practices in the internet industry to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, and corruption or loss. We shall take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We shall do everything possible to take appropriate technical measures to ensure the accuracy and timely update of the personal information collected about you.
Please understand that due to the nature of the internet industry, it is impossible to ensure that systems are 100% secure. You should understand that the systems may encounter issues due to the factors beyond our control, such as malicious actors. Although the security of your personal information is our highest priority, there will always be a risk that your Personal Information gets compromised. We also depend on you to keep your account information and other personal information secure by keeping your password confidential and taking precautions to keep others from accessing your account.
Retention
In general, we keep your information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy or to comply with the applicable law. Otherwise we will try to delete your personal information upon your request or when we no longer need it for the purposes it was originally collected, although we reserve the right to retain such information indefinitely for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit, or fraud and/or crime prevention purposes. We will not delete any personal information that also relates to other individuals, unless such other individuals also wish to delete their personal information at the same time.
We recognize that retention requirements can vary between jurisdictions, but we generally apply the retention periods described below.
Account information: We will retain information associated with your account as long as your account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the requested services. Information collected from tracking technologies: we generally retain such information for as long as necessary for usage analytics, the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit, or fraud and/or crime prevention purposes.
Marketing data: Any contact information you provide to us for marketing purposes, such as your name, email address, and phone number, is retained on an ongoing basis until you unsubscribe from our marketing communications. If you unsubscribe, we will add your contact information to our do-not-contact list to respect your unsubscribe request.
Children
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen (16). We will not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under the age of sixteen (16) without parental consent. If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not provide us with information of any kind whatsoever. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received information from a child under the age of sixteen (16), please contact us immediately at [email protected]