Privacy PolicyWe (“Power Manager”, "us", "app", "the Application", or "this Application") recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this Application.We create this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Application.By using Power Manager, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Application.1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, such as:Device Information: If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may be able to identify the general location of your mobile device (not precise geolocation data), your mobile device’s brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory (“RAM”), the application you have installed, the applications you have running in the background, mobile device's advertising ID, other unique identifiers and other information related to device setting.Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information.Installed application list: We take the confidentiality of your information very seriously and have implemented administrative, physical, and electronic measures to safeguard it against unauthorized access and use. As part of our effort to better protect the security of your device and privacy, we will scan your installed application list for potential security risks by uploading it to a third-party virus database (https://saas.trustlook.com/).Trustlook SDK provide security service and it will record certain information that included user’s installed application and device information. Because it will analyze the app collection, app static & behavior analysis to give the app risk report.To protect users' privacy well, and to follow privacy policies in all countries and territories well including European data protection laws (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), and so on, we don't make the network requests by ourselves to our servers, and we don't collect and analyze data by ourselves.We only use the trusted big platforms Google Play, Google Firebase, and Facebook SDKs to get and analyze data.2. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATIONWe use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you.To provide the Services to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.To provide customer service. We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.To send you Service-related communications. We use your contact information to send you administrative or account-related information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security issues or updates, or provide other transaction-related information to you. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such communications because you could miss important developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how you can use our Services.For security purposes. We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.Designated Countries: For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill our other business obligations, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes.Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to comply with our legal obligations.To personalize your experience on the Services. We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or personalize part or all of our Services.Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.To conduct research and development. We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services to: help us improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.To engage in marketing activities. We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. Transactional communications about your account or our Services are not considered “marketing” communications. In addition, when you share your friends’ contact information with us, we may reach out to them to invite them to our Services and to continue receiving our communications. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.We use this information from the trusted big platforms Google Play, Google Firebase, and Facebook:We may use the information from the trusted platforms for any purpose as below:1. We may use the information to understand demographics of our users, and improve user experience;2. To fix the crash and ANR issues on some special devices3. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED with THIRD-PARTYWe use advertising to enable us to offer our app for free, and we use THIRD-PARTY to help us to analyze data. The details are listed below:1. We use Facebook SDK to analyze data, please refer Facebook Privacy Policy in https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy2. We use Google Firebase SDK to analyze data, and Google Service SDK is added, please refer Google Privacy Policy in https://policies.google.com/privacy4. Your Rights and How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal InformationEuropean Countries Users RightsIf you are located in the European Countries, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by European data protection laws (GDPR) in relation to the personal information. For examples:1. You can access or request deletion of your personal information2. You can correct or update your personal information3. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.California Users RightsIf you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in relation to the personal information.Brazilian Users RightsIf you are a Brazilian resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) in relation to the personal information.If you want to withdraw your consent, you can go to the privacy policy in our app, and find the user data right page, to opt out of the data collection and usage. And then, we will notify Google and Facebook SDKs to process your requests, such as not to collect your personal data again, to delete your personal data, and so on. And Google and Facebook will process this according to their policy. You can also refer to the links provided in section C for requesting to process your requests directly by Google and Facebook.5. Our Policies About ChildrenWe never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data concerning children under 13 years of age (or under 16 for children located in the European Countries).6. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You can always check the latest version of our Privacy Policy on the Application. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you can stop to use this Application or go to Privacy Policy page to opt out of the data collection or usage. Your continued use of any Application following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.7. CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about this policy, please contact us at pagadalasreekanth0524@gmail.com.