Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationQuick VPNQuick VPN attaches great importance to protecting our users' privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by us, please read carefully below statement. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and UseSome information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics is collected automatically when you visit our App. I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the appAdMobGoogle Play ServicesFacebookGoogle Analytics for FirebaseLog DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.CookiesWe may collect information on execution, history or other personal information from cookies or IP addresses. Users may reject our use of cookies by disabling cookies in the browser settings. However, when cookies are disabled, a part or whole of the service may be unavailable.How We Use and Share InformationWe only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.We use the information we collect or receive:To comply with a legal obligation. We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.To comply Legal Obligations. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).To perfermance Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.To protect vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.For other business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our App, products, marketing and your experience.Service ProvidersI may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.SECURITYWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.How Long Do We Keep Your InformationWe keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 6 months.THIRD PARTY APPS / LINKSInside our apps or services we display ads / links to other companies or mobile applications. When you click on ads / links of third parties in our apps or services, you may leave the app or service. We are not responsible for the privacy practices adopted by third parties. We recommend that you read their privacy policies.POLICY UPDATESWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all apps or services. Your continued use of any app or service will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.Contact UsIf you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us: hehank82@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse