Privacy Policy
Last updated on May 30, 2020
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
a. Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
b. Non-personal Information.
We collect your non-personal information when you visit our website, including your device information (device ID excluded), operation system, logs.
c. Information you provide.
We may collect your information when you communicate with us or you give us.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
a. Personal Information.
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
b. Non-Personal Information.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
c. Legal Reasons
We will access, use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues; protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
SECURITY
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Services or the Site, please contact us at nocard@nocardteam.com.