Privacy Policy
General
The FlyProxy network is a No Log network. FlyProxy does not store users originating IP address when connected to our service and therefore cannot identify users when provided IP addresses of our servers. Additionally, FlyProxy cannot disclose
information about the applications, services or websites our users consume while connected to our services; as FlyProxy does not store this information.
In using our Services, you agree not to:
Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i.e., “spam") over the Service. Send, post, or transmit over the Service any content which is illegal, hateful, threatening, insulting, or defamatory; infringes on intellectual property
rights; invades privacy; or incites violence.
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content.
Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors.
Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service.
Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of “hacking”).
Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VPN in conjunction with the Service.
Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes.
Information We Collect
We collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information;
It may be necessary to temporarily maintain usage data to assist in debugging a problem with the service. This usage data may include such information as the date and time of your login and the IP addresses you visited. This personal information
is not retained once the troubleshooting is resolved;
We may collect and disclose personal information, including your usage data, to governmental authorities or agencies, including law enforcement agencies, at their request or pursuant to a court order, subpoena or other legal process, if
there is a good faith belief that such collection or disclosure is required by law;
We perform automated rules-based traffic management for the purposes of maintaining and improving our service. Applying these rules may require real-time analysis of Internet and data traffic including destination websites or IP addresses,
originating IP addresses. However, no log is maintained regarding this information as it is a real-time process.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to our users.
We use information collected from cache and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.
We may use your information to debug a problem.
When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We process personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
How We Protect Your Information
We work hard to take all possible security measures to protect your information from misuse, unauthorized or unlawful access or disclosure, loss, alteration, damage and destruction.
In particular:
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Our website and app is checked on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your access to our service as safe as possible.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personal Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies,
or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
We may provide Your Information to our partners for the sole purpose of allowing them to conduct business.
We may use service providers to process Your Information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement. We contractually require service providers to keep information secure and confidential and we do not allow our data processors
to disclose your information to others without our authorization, or to use it for their own purposes.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect
the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users’ rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may
have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website or app. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for
the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at our website. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is
material, we will notify you via an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you have any question about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email protected].