Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationFresh CleanerPrivacy PolicyEffective: 2023/03/03We ("us", "app", "the Application", or "this Application") recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this Application.We create this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Application.By using the Application, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Application.A. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe don't collect any user information.To protect users' privacy well, and to follow privacy policies in all countries and territories well including European data protection laws (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), and so on, we don't make the network requests by ourselves to our servers, and we don't collect and analyze data by ourselves.We only use the trusted big platforms Google Play, Google Firebase, AppMetrica - Yandex, and Facebook SDKs to get and analyze data.B. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATIONSince we don't collect and analyze user information by ourselves, we use this information from the trusted big platforms Google Play, Google Firebase, and Facebook:We may use the information from the trusted platforms for any purpose as below:1. We may use the information to understand demographics of our users, and improve user experience;2. To fix the crash and ANR issues on some special devicesC. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED with THIRD-PARTYHere we list the links to the third-party partners’ privacy policy. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. Check the following links to get details about how user data is collected, used and shared.Google Play Services https://policies.google.com/privacyAdMob https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=enGoogle Analytics for Firebase https://firebase.google.com/policies/analyticsFirebase Crashlytics https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/Yandex Metrica https://metrica.yandex.com/about/info/privacy-policyD. Your Rights and How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal InformationEuropean Countries Users RightsIf you are located in the European Countries, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by European data protection laws (GDPR) in relation to the personal information. For examples:1. You can access or request deletion of your personal information2. You can correct or update your personal information3. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.California Users RightsIf you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in relation to the personal information.Brazilian Users RightsIf you are a Brazilian resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) in relation to the personal information.If you want to withdraw your consent, you can go to the privacy policy in our app, and find the user data right page, to opt out of the data collection and usage. And then, we will notify Google to process your requests, such as not to collect your personal data again, to delete your personal data, and so on. And Google will process this according to their policy. You can also refer to the links provided in section C for requesting to process your requests directly by Google.E. Our Policies About ChildrenWe don't collect user information by ourselves, and we never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data concerning children under 13 years of age (or under 16 for children located in the European Countries).F. Data Security and RetentionWe don't collect data by ourselves. And we totally believe Google will protect your data well.G. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You can always check the latest version of our Privacy Policy on the Application. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you can stop to use this Application or go to Privacy Policy page to opt out of the data collection or usage. Your continued use of any Application following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.H. SUBSCRIPTION POLICYYou do not need to pay any access fee to us to use the Services unless you want to pay the Premium Fee for permission to use the premium subscription In-App features, where you will be given access to In-App points and/or In-App currency and/or In-App items etc. (“Premium In-App features”). The Premium Fee paid by you will provide you the access to use the premium In-App features for a period of 1 month from the date of purchase, after which, we may, in our sole direction at any time, terminate the Services under this Agreement. Also you may cancel your monthly subscription at any time subject to the terms of cancelation Google Play policy. As long as we continue to provide the Services to the public, we will not expire your access to Premium In-App Resources, unless you violate any term of this Agreement.The Premium In-App features available as a monthly subscription. Your subscription to the Premium In-App features is deemed as your consent to the Subscription Policy and to the corresponding direct debit or other payment method. If your subscription is purchased through one of our Services, you will be charged for such subscription. Your subscription will be automatically renewed on a monthly. You may cancel or terminate the subscription in accordance with the relevant Subscription Policy.Refund PolicyThe payment of the Premium fee for permission to access the Premium In-App features, its related sub-domains, any merchant service provider and/or other third party platforms requires acceptance of the terms of service and privacy policy of such merchant service provider and/or third party platform prior to the use of such merchant service provider and/or third party platform (as the case may be). The act of downloading, viewing, or using such payment channels and instruments constitutes acceptance of their terms of service and privacy policy. Upon the payment of the Premium Fee by you, you agree that no Premium In-App features is eligible for reund, and that the Premium Fee is not refundable, in whole or in part. You shall not be entitled to any concession in respect of this payment term. If any payment is disputed or charged back or any fraudulent activity is detected, the associated Account(s) or access through the associated Account(s) may be suspended, terminated, or other actions in our sole discretion.If a user cancels a subscription purchased from an app on Google Play, we will also follow the Google Play policy: policy is that the user will not receive a refund for the current billing period, but will continue to receive their subscription content for the remainder of the current billing period, regardless of the cancellation date. User's cancellation goes into effect after the current billing period has passed.I. CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about this policy, please contact us at nicksavchenko2205@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse