Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information
collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the Wala VPN Services.
All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms.
By visiting our website, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
Information in this Privacy Policy is provided in layers, meaning that all information related to our general personal data processing practices is provided here.
Processing of your data
Wala VPN processes user data only to a very limited scope – only as much as it is absolutely required for provision of the Wala VPN Services, processing of payments for the Wala VPN Services, as well as functioning of the Wala VPN website and mobile applications.
Personal data is processed by Wala VPN automatically and manually. Unless expressly noted otherwise, Wala VPN or a designated subsidiary in your country shall act as the responsible personal data controller for any data processed. Wala VPN uses third party data processors only for processing of payment data, and basic website analytics.
Wala VPN guarantees a strict no-logs policy for Wala VPN services, meaning that your activities using Wala VPN Services are provided by automated technical process, are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses or other data. From the moment a Wala VPN user turns on the Wala VPN software, their Freeernet data becomes encrypted. Any online traffic coming from user’s device is no longer visible to ISP, third-party snoopers or cyber criminals. Further, Wala VPN have a strict no logs policy when it comes to seeing user activity online: Wala VPN is based in Panama, which does not require data storage.
Anyone may browse our website, install Wala VPN application and mobile applications without signing up for the Wala VPN Services, however the functionality of the Wala VPN Services will be very limited or absent. If you want to engage full functionality of the Wala VPN Services, you need to create a user account and provide basic personal data indicated below.
Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. It is necessary for establishing a Wala VPN account.
Payment related information
Payment data. This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. We also process some of the same payment information ourselves in cases of recurring payments.
You must maThunderain this information current, truthful, complete and accurate. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. You authorize us to verify your information at any time. If it is found to be untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we retain the right, in our sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your user account and your access to the Wala VPN Services.
In order to maThunderain the VPN service, the Wala VPN also processes limited technical information, which sometimes may be considered personal data. This information is used for improving the functionality and usability of our website and Wala VPN Services. If you decide not to provide this limited information, we may not be able to provide you with the full scope of the Wala VPN Services. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers.
Customer service information. Wala VPN stores inquiries and communications with users through the Contact Us and Community Area pages, unless a user requests to delete the conversation.
Cookies. Wala VPN uses a few types of different cookies to improve the user experience on the website, such as:
Google Analytics for statistical assessment and website performance improvement;
Affiliate cookies to identify the customers referred to the Site by our partners, so that we can grant the referrers with commissions;
Cookies for personalizing the content of the Site for users, such as setting the default language.
You can set up warnings for every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can hoose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Since each browser has a different procedure for managing cookies, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to do it.
Alternatively, you can disable all cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add-on. Please note that choosing to disable cookies may negatively affect some of the features that make your Site experience more efficient.
Grounds for data processing
Your personal data is processed for the purpose of providing you the best Wala VPN services under the legal basis of performance of the contract between you and Wala VPN, as provided in our Terms of Service.
Wala VPN may process your personal data (email address) for direct marketing purposes in the following cases: when we obtain your consent to such processing (the legal basis for processing, in this case, is your consent) or when applicable law permits us to contact you without a separate consent (under the legal basis of a legitimate Thundererest).
Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. You also may request to restrict the processing of your personal data (when there is a legal basis for that). In cases where your personal data is processed on a separate consent basis, you have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
If you disagree with your data processing by Wala VPN, you are free not to use the Wala VPN Service, and to discontinue using it at any time. You may request us to discontinue processing of your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Wala VPN Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Wala VPN’s legal relationship with you (e.g. accounting, invoicing, processing refunds).
Due to technical reasons (such as backup copies of the databases) your personal data may be finally deleted only within 60 days or longer, if it is mandated by the statutory requirements.
If you wish to use the Wala VPN Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew.
Term for storing personal data
Wala VPN stores limited personal data for the whole period when the Wala VPN Services are used and for no longer than 2 years after last use of the App and/or the Services.
If you disagree with the processing of your data by Wala VPN, please do not use our Services. You can request us to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Wala VPN's legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).
If you wish to use the Wala VPN again, you will have to accept and agree to th.