Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationTopTap AppsTopTap AppsPrivacy PolicyAt Toptap apps we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps under the publisher name of “Toptap”. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.Information collection and Use: Contact Information: The only contact information that we get from you is your device id that helps you send relevant promotional information to you. Other than that, our applications do not use any kind of user sensitive information from you. Moreover, the information collected by us is not shared at any platform or with any third party.Location Information: At this point of time, Toptap does not collect any information related to your location. If in future we do get your location, you will be notified with regards to granting location information and the same change will be made to the privacy policy as well.Cookies : When you use any of our applications, we may keep cookies as a means of gathering information with regards to your use of our applications. Such information is gathered via AdMob SDK that collects your information and helps in showing you ads pertinent to your use of the applications. Log Data: We do not collect your log data directly. It is Google with its services that fetches and keeps your log data that is only used by us for analysis purposes only. Google with its services in our applications shares your Log Data information with us. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our applications. Toptap uses Log Data to understand user behavior and to measure, customize, and improve our services.Third-Parties: Toptap uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our services, such as Fire base Analytics and Fire base Cloud Messenger to provide you information about our latest applications and to better understand your use of our applications. These third-parties may collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, such as cookies, your IP address, or device ID.Information Sharing:We do not share any of the information collected by us with any other business or any other third party for either personal or commercial use.Our Policy Towards Children:Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. As stated above, we rely on Google Services as a means of getting user information, therefore, any of the services that we offer to our users are above the age of 13 and Google’s age parameters help us ensure that.Security:We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.Opt-out Rights:If you do not feel comfortable with the use of our applications under the given privacy policy, then you have the right of opting out any time by uninstalling the application from your phone. None of your information will be kept or disseminated further.Contact information:For any request regarding technical issues please contact our Support entity at : toptapapp@gmail.comPlay Store Link:https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=6423350946249867028Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse