Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceThe following terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your use of the VPN services we provide (the "Service") and their associated website domains (the "Site"). These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement (the "Agreement") between you and GINI VPN. (the "GINI VPN").we may update the Terms from time to time without notice. Any changes in the Terms will be incorporated into a revised Agreement that we will post on the Site. Unless otherwise specified, such changes shall be effective when they are posted.1. Privacy PolicyWe are committed to your privacy, we will not collect your personal identifying information, nor will we collect or log traffic data or browsing activity from individual users connected to our VPN.When you use our app we may collect the following information:Device IDDevice manufacturer and modelApp versionTimes when connected to our service, and the total amount of data transferred per day, etc.We store this to be able to deliver the best possible network experience to you. We need this information to deploy and optimize our servers to ensure that we can provide high-quality services. We analyze this information generically and keep the data secure.Our software may send diagnostic data to a third party analytics provider for the purpose of identifying connection errors and possible bugs in our application. The information collected is generic in nature and does not contain personally identifying information.2. DisclaimersWe will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and the Service. However, these are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not make any warranty that the Service will meet your requirements, or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. You acknowledge that you access the Site and the Service at your own discretion and risk.The Site may contain links to third party websites ("Third Party Websites"). Access to Third Party Websites is at your own risk, and we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available on Third Party Websites. These links may also lead to Third Party Websites containing information that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. The Third Party Websites are not under the control of us and, as such, VPN is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any Third Party Website. The inclusion of any links to Third Party Websites on the Site are provided solely as a convenience to you and does not imply an endorsement or recommendation by VPN of any third party resources or content. VPN is not responsible for any form of transmission received from any link, nor is VPN responsible if any of these links are not working appropriately. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by any privacy statements and terms of use posted in connection with Third Party Websites, and these Third Party Websites are not governed by this Agreement.We do not control, nor are we responsible for, any data, content, services, or products (including software) that you access, download, receive or buy while using the Service. We may, but do not have any obligation to, block information, transmissions or access to certain information, services, products or domains to protect the Service, our network, the public or our users. We are not a publisher of third-party content accessed through the Service and are not responsible for the content, accuracy, timeliness or delivery of any opinions, advice, statements, messages, services, graphics, data or any other information provided to or by third parties as accessible through the Service.VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations and quality may vary. We will attempt to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control including but not limited to emergencies, third party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference or signal strength, and may be interrupted, refused, limited or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages or pages lost, not delivered, delayed or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service or communications services or networks. We may impose usage or service limits, suspend service, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect users or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur.VPN does not as a matter of ordinary practice actively monitor user sessions for inappropriate behavior, nor do we maintain direct logs of customers' Internet activities. However, VPN reserves the right to investigate matters we consider to be violations of these Terms. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion, and without notice, remove, block, filter or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject VPN or its customers to liability. VPN disclaims any and all liability for any failure on its part to prevent such materials or information from being transmitted over the Service and/or into your computing device.Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse