PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated August 5th, 2022
Supplemental Privacy Notice For Nevada Residents
Supplemental Privacy Notice For California Residents
Aktis, Inc. (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application "Free Music Download, Music Player, MP3 Downloader" ("Application"), website https://www.atplayer.com ("Website"), or any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Platform”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE PLATFORM.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Platform, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application, Website, or Platform after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Platform includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Platform, such as registration, user feedback, giveaways, surveys, and reviews. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Platform.
For a better experience while using the Platform we collect information about the devices where you install or access the Platform, depending on the permissions you have granted which may include, but are not limited to, operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, device identifiers, advertisement identifiers, connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone. To access some features of the Platform, you may be required to connect to a third-party account within the Platform (i.e., Google, Facebook, Apple, Twitter). If you do not grant access you will not have the ability to use some of the features on the Platform.
Derivative Data
Information our servers may automatically collect when you access the Platform, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, mobile device information, location, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Website.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Platform to:
Facilitate proper use of the Platform
Provide access to the Platform
Perform the Platform-related operations
Assist us in analyzing how the Platform is used
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties
Deliver targeted advertising
Provide you with push notifications
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Platform
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience
Notify you of updates to the Platform
Offer new products, services, and/or recommendations to you
Perform other business activities as needed
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Platform
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and privacy risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including music access, data analysis, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
We currently use uses YouTube API Services to provide access to resources on YouTube. For more information about their privacy policy visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. To review or change your Google security settings or revoke any authorization consent visit https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions. We also use services provided by the iTunes Search API. To review the Apple privacy policy, visit https://www.apple.com/privacy/. We partner with Jamendo to provide access to licensed materials. Visit https://www.jamendo.com/legal/privacy to review the Jamendo privacy policy. We partner with Hearthis.at to bring you services on the Platform. View their privacy policy at https://hearthis.at/datenschutz/. We partner with Spreaker.com to bring you services on the Platform. View their privacy policy at https://www.spreaker.com/privacy. We also integrate the Dropbox API to give you access to your cloud storage account. For information about the Dropbox privacy policy visit https://www.dropbox.com/terms#privacy.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Online Postings
If you post any public content to the Platform, such content may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Platform in perpetuity.
Third-Party Advertisers
We use a third party advertising company to serve ads when you visit the Platform. This company may use information about your visits to the Platform and other websites that are contained in web cookies to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions you may enjoy.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline to honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Tracking Pixels
We use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Platform to help customize the Platform and improve your experience. When you access the Platform, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Platform. You may not decline web beacons; however, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. For more information, please review our Cookie Policy.
Internet-Based Advertising
We use third-party software to serve ads on the Platform. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us. For more information about opting out of internet-based ads, visit the third-party network, opt-out at the Network Advertising Initiative, or review Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
Website Analytics
We also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Platform through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Platform, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Platform, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policies and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor, opt-out at the Network Advertising Initiative, or review Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
In addition, you may access additional controls and opt out of IDFA tracking within the iOS or Android Settings app.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
Third-Party Tools
Our Platform uses third-party tools from YouTube, which is operated by Google, Jamendo, Hearthis.at, Spreaker.com, and Dropbox to provide you seamless access to the services offered on the Platform. When you visit various services on the Platform, one or more of these third parties may be informed about which portions of our Platform you have visited. These partners are used to help make Platform more appealing. Use of these services constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO under GDPR laws.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Platform contains links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Platform, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Platform.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The General Data Protection Regulation or "GDPR" gives certain rights to individuals in relation to their personal data. In addition, we offer transparency and access controls to help users take advantage of those rights. As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to individuals are:
Right of access - the right to be informed of, and request access to, the personal data we process about you;
Right to rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data;
Right to restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data;
Right to object –
the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation;
the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes;
Right to data portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service; and
Right not to be subject to automated decision-making - the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
You may also contact us at [email protected] and inform us of your desire to exercise your rights. We will reply with further instructions to verify your identity and provide details regarding the process. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
HOW TO DELETE ACCOUNT AND USER DATA?
Our iOS app had an experimental feature of playlist accounts to sync playlists across devices. It's not supported anymore. Please use playlists export/import features from now on. If you want to remove your account data, use the standard Apple and Google security settings pages to remove 3rd party app access to your data.
Apple security settings instructions:
https://appleid.apple.com/account/manage
Click "Sign in"
Select "Sign in with Apple"
Select "XC free music downloader"
Click "Stop using Sign in with Apple"
Google security settings instructions:
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
Scroll to the section "Signing in with Google"
Select "Music Downloader & Player"
Click "Remove Access"
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Platform. This includes your social security number, bank information, or other sensitive personal information. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
The Platform is designed for those 13 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at [email protected]
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have provided your personal information with the Platform, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Platform. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include sufficient detail about the public post(s) and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Platform, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems, nor can we guarantee any cached or archived version of the Platform will remove such data.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), enacted in 2018, creates new consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses. While we do not sell your information to any third party, we may partner with third-party service providers and affiliate partners who may gain access to your information through the use of beacons, tracking pixels, or cookies as provided in this Privacy Policy. If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit our Supplementary Privacy Notice for California Residents.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email protected].
OTHER DISCLOSURES AND POLICIES
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use