Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationFree ringtonesPrivacy PolicyLast updated:July 28, 2021 Free Ringtones (hereinafter as " Free Ringtones ", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected when you download, install, or use this mobile application (the "App"), and how such information will be used and shared. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. By using our websites and applications, you consent to the policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this policy. This policy applies only to information we collect in our App and in e-mail, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with our App. This policy DOES NOT apply to information that we collect offline, information collected in other apps or websites (including third party websites you may access through the App), or information collected by any third party. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE & SERVICES.
1.	What information we collectA.	Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIf you are a user of Free Ringtones, we may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information.B. Information automatically collected when you use Free Ringtones.We automatically collect information about you when you use our application ("Free Ringtones "). We will collect information including, but not limited to: your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and installed apps, the time and date of your login, the time spent on our applications and other statistics.C. The photos you submit on Free Ringtones We encourage everyone to avoid sending any pictures that may be used to identify themselves in the photos that you upload. Please do not send any photos of yourself that would allow others to identify you. We only want photos of Free Ringtones. Any use of photos with your likeness is subject to the terms of our Terms of Use. We only use the photos for recognizing and machine learning.
2. About sensitive permission READ_PHONE_STATEWe use this permission to verify the user/phone with IMEI information but we will not store it. This information is using for analysis and provide you better service.3.	How we use collected information We only use the information you directly and voluntarily provide to us to accept and respond to your feedback.We may use the information automatically collected when you use Free Ringtones for any purpose as below:A.	To personalize our services. We may use your information to understand demographics, customer interest and calculate your consumption of calorie;B.	To help maintain and improve our services. We may use your information to measure the performance of our application and ensure our services are working as intended, such as troubleshooting issues reported from you;C.	To help develop our app and service. We may use your information to modify the applications, services and develop new services.
4.	Permissions used by Free RingtonesA. MicrophoneThis permission allows Free Ringtones to recording. We use this permission to record your translations when you need voice input, to identify and convert them into text.B.	Read the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Free Ringtones to read the contents of your memory card.C.	Modify or delete the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Free Ringtones
to modify or delete the contents from your phone and make your phone faster.5. How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect personal information, and we use a variety of security measures to protect your non-personal Information from unauthorized access and use.Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.6.	Advertising and analytic services provided by otherWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. You may find more details about our partners in links below:•
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/•
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. 7.	Children' s policyWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
If you are a parent or guardian being aware that your child has provided us with information without his or her consent, you should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.8.	Your data rightsYou have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected.If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise this right please contact us by email at: 3456789liu@gmail.com.9.	California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as "California Disclosure Information." 10.	Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use the Services after changes have been posted, you are confirming that you have read, understood and consented to the latest version of this Privacy Policy.11.	Contact UsIf you have any question or comments about this policy, please send email to: 3456789liu@gmail.com.Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse