Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationCat Translator PolicyCat Translator Privacy PolicyContact usTerms of useCat Translator PolicyCat Translator Privacy PolicyINFORMATION COLLECTION RELATING TO CHILDRENWe consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at kmr.dma@gmail.com.In order to preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Applications, we age-gated some of the features in our applications, so that they are not available for use by children under 13. The age gate is being conducted after the download of some of our apps for specific territories in order to assure the privacy and protection of younger users of our apps. If you do not pass the gate the features enabling potential collection and sharing of personally identifiable information are disabled for your device ID. For your safety, it is not possible to change your age later on. We do not store your year of birth but only the information whether your device ID passed the age gate or not.The only personal information we collect from you for the purposes of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, IDFA, IDFV, IP address).When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact you, display behavioral advertising to you, nor do any user tracking or profiling. In addition, we strive that all of our advertising partners adhere to the same standards for the collection, usage and disclosure of your personal information as we do, but we can however not be responsible if they breach the commitments they gave to us regarding the collection of information. In case of such breaches you agree that our liability is limited to the amounts we are able to receive as indemnification for the breaches from our advertising partner. For the detailed information about disclosure to third parties please see section Disclosure To Third Parties of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third party information disclosure please refer to kmr.dma@gmail.comWe will send push notifications to users who allow us to do so in order to reengage them in terms of using the Application. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions in section Push Notifications of this Privacy Policy. We strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will always be family-friendly. Push notifications are local, contextual and sent in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user information.IN-APP PURCHASESOur Applications enable in-app purchases.Although some of our Applications are free, they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Your authentication and security maintaining is subject to specific terms of the app store and the OS of your mobile device. You should be aware of the iOS’ 15-minute and Android’s 30-minute window after the downloading of an Application, during which in-app purchases may be made without inserting an in-app store password. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases.DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIESWe disclose the information to our advertising and analytics partners so that we can display advertisements and analyze the usage.We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Applications or the Website by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third parties, including analytics providers, tracking providers, third party advertising providers and other third party service providers that support the Applications and the Website (collectively referred to as “Partners”). We may share information that can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID and IP address) for the purposes of delivering our services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis and research and for measuring our advertising campaign performance:Third party analytics providers: For some Applications we use third party analytics such as Fabric, Google Analytics (for Applications), and Firebase Analytics for the purposes of delivering our services, conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions, Downloads, and Traffic Sources into a Google Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. Third party analytics providers have the right to process the data in accordance with their privacy policies (https://dev.flurry.com/termsOfService.do;jsessionid=uqkgc0o2r5m2 and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#nosharing) and such collection and processing is limited to the disclosure in aggregated manner, for the purposes of showing trends about the use of their services, for advertising services and marketing purposes. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature.Third party tracking providers: For some Applications we may track installs through our tracking providers such as Adjust for the purposes of measuring our advertising campaign performance. The tracking providers may use and share the information so gathered, but only in aggregated and anonymized manner.Third party advertising providers: The Applications may incorporate third-party dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology which enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the Application. When you use the Application, we or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information logged from your device using cookies, web beacons and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Application and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of advertising. We have contracted with certain third party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Applications for free or at low cost. Such third party advertising networks include but are not limited to Apple (iAds), Google (AdMob), InMobi, MobClix, Millennial Media (for privacy terms please visit http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy/), Tapjoy, Mobclix, Chartboost, Nexage, JumpTap, MoPub Marketplace, Hunt Mobile, Vpon TW, Vpon CN, Madhouse, DoMob, Cauly, Youmi, Yume, Brightroll, Tremor, Smartclip, Xaxsis, SponsorPay, Aarki, SupersonicAds, AdColony, Leadbolt, Taptica, Vdopia, DMG, LoopMe Media, Daum Communications (aka ADAM), SK Planet (aka TAD), NativeX, Vungle, Fiksu, AdAction Interactive, AdWords, Motive Interactive, Twitter, Applift, Fyber, Glispa, Appia, HyprMX Mobile, Inneractive, IGAWorks, Faad, VideoPlaza., MobFox, Ads Yolo, Token Ads, Offers Total, Ad Sense, WAPSTART, PML, Plenus, Vserve, LifeStreet, Smaato, 4th Screen, mBrands3, Greystripe, Facebook, mNectar, Mezzo Media, NAS Media, Mocoplex, TNK Factory, i-Mobile, Marimedia, Todacell, IQzone, Adways, Applifier, Google (Adx), Opera Media, AppLovin, Tapsense, Unity 3D (Applifier), mPoint Media, Ad Japon, Play Haven, Yahoo, Manage.com, Smadex, Thirdpresence, Seventynine, Flurry Inc, Ironsource Neon, Appgrade, SuperAwesome Trading Ltd, Smartstream.TV GmbH, Startmeapp, Spotx, Liverail, mdotm (CrossChannel Inc), Geniee, Definiti Media Pokkt, Goboq Media, Ad Attraction, Adspree media, Digital Turbine Media, Happy Elements, King.com, LoopMe, Mars Technologies, Mobivista International Technology, PubNative, Raftika, targetcircle AS, Volo Media, Affle India, Affle Global, Diandian Interactive Holding, Eshare Media, Feelingtouch, SuperAwesome, Machine Zone, AppNext, Domob Ruida, Gameloft, YouAppi, Funplus Interactive, UC Mobile New World, Efun Company, Appcoachs Co., Mobile Representation International Corporation and PLR Worldwide Sales.We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Applications or the Website. These changes shall be updated twice a year or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices.We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.For any additional questions about third party information collection please refer to kmr.dma@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse