top of pagePRIVACY POLICYRap Tech Studios Ltd (“Rap Tech”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a company registered in the United Kingdom, with its registered address at 85 Great Portland Street, London W1W 7LT.
We are a data controller and are responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your “personal data” (which has the meanings as set out in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (the “Data Protection Laws”)).
When you use Rap Tech’s “Rap Fame” app, “BattleMe” app or any of Rap Tech’s other apps (each being our “Platform”), we will collect, store and process certain personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out the basis on which we collect, store and process your personal data.
Please read the following information carefully.
​
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS?
When you visit our Platform, you may provide us with the following types of personal data:
Contact Data: This may include your name and your email address. This information will be collected by us if you communicate with us, for example if you use the links on our Platform to communicate with us via email. The content of any correspondence between us and you will also be processed, including any views, opinions or feedback you choose to provide in relation to the Platform or our services, including via any comment facilities and message boards.
Account Data: If you create an account on our Platform to benefit from our services, you will need to provide your name and email address to create that account. If you choose to use Facebook, Google, Apple, Twitter or VK to login to our Platform, that platform will share your data with us, including but not limited to your profile data (e.g. Twitter username or Facebook ID), name, email address, gender, profile picture and location.
Session Data: This includes your IP address, your device’s unique identifier details (including iOS UID and Android serial number and ID) and device operating system and version.
Cookie Data: Cookies are small files which are downloaded to your device when accessing our platform. Please refer to paragraph 4 below for further details about our use of cookies.
Partner Data: Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service.
When you purchase a subscription or any in-app content, you provide our payment processor with your payment information. However, we do not store such information on our servers.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We use your personal data in the following ways:
We use your Contact Data to:
respond to communications that you send to us;
market products and services to you only where you have requested that we do so, or otherwise provided your consent (either via our website, by emailing us or by accepting push notifications on your device);
for customer relationship management (“CRM”) purposes; and
help address issues you raise with us and to improve the Platform and our services.
The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests (or, where required, your consent).
We use your Account Data to:
enable you to personalise your use of our services;
enable you to save and maintain your profile and administer your account with us; and
enable us to identify you.
The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us.
We use your Correspondence Data to help address issues you raise with us and to improve the Platform and our services. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests.
We use your User Content to:
enable you to use our Platform and services. The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us; and
share the User Content with other users of the Platform by making it available on the Platform. The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest.
The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us and your and our legitimate interests.
We use your Session Data to administer, maintain and improve the Platform and our services, including identifying you or your device across our Platform and apps. Additionally, Session Data is used to identify and respond to potential risks to the security of our Platform (for example spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping and other actions which may violate our Terms of Use found here). The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interests.
To show personalised advertisements (more relevant advertisements instead of random advertisements, the amount remaining the same in both cases) in the Platform as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
​Track the content you access in connection with the Platform and your online behaviour
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Platform
For information on how to opt-out from personalised advertisements, see section ‘Accessing Your Personal Data and Your Rights’ below.
PERSONAL DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data in line with legal, regulatory, financial and good-practice requirements.
The period for which we may retain your personal data will depend on the type of personal data collected, the purposes for which it was collected, applicable limitation periods for the exercise of legal rights and whether any legal or regulatory obligations require the retention of the personal data.
COOKIES AND TRACKERS
We use cookies and other software development kits (“SDKs”) and third-party libraries. Our Platform uses the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Platform. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to load webpages.
Analytical/performance cookies: These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our Platform and to see how visitors move around our Platform. This helps us to improve the way our Platform works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our Platform. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Tracking ID. Every iOS and Google Android device has a unique Tracking ID, for iOS devices, called an Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and for Android devices, called a Google Advertising ID (AAID). These Tracking IDs enable app providers and advertisers to track user activity and target ads at those users.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
You may block cookies by updating the relevant settings on your device or browser to allow you to refuse the setting of some or all types of cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
We may need to share your personal data with selected third parties in the following circumstances:
Group companies: We are an international organisation, with businesses both inside and outside of the UK. When you create User Content you will be asked if you’d like to share such user content with other users of our Platform who could be based both inside and outside of the UK.
Third party service providers: This may include providers of certain systems and services that we use to host, administer and maintain our Platform, including for example the servers used to host our Platform.
Third party service providers for marketing purposes: Where applicable, certain personal data may be shared with third party service providers we use to help us carry out marketing including, for example, third party marketing automation platforms. A list of these partners is available at www.raptech.co.com/partner-opt-out. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
To comply with legal or regulatory requests: If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, we may share your personal data with a regulator or law enforcement agency.
Prospective buyers or sellers: If Rap Tech Studios Ltd, or its owners, buys or sells any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets. If Rap Tech Studios Ltd (or substantially all of its assets) is acquired by a third party, your personal data held by Rap Tech Studios Ltd, or within such assets, may be transferred to such third party.
PRACTICES REGARDING EXTRA-EEA TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
We will not transfer your personal data outside of the UK, except as set out in paragraph 5 above, for example if we utilise cloud-based platforms to store personal data, which may involve use of geographically distributed data centres.
In the case of these extra-UK transfers, where the transfers are not to countries that provide an adequate level of protection, we will put in place appropriate safeguards to cover transfers of personal data including, for example, signing standard contractual clauses, relying on a Privacy Shield certification and/or approved data protection clauses.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Platform may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to a third-party website, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies or practices of those websites, so please check their policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.
SECURITY
We take data security seriously. We implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures including resilient security systems and protocols to protect the personal data we store.
AGE LIMITS
​We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Platform. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data.
ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
As a result of us collecting and processing your personal data, you have the following legal rights:
to access personal data we hold on you;
to request us to make any changes to your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
to request your personal data is erased where we do not have a compelling reason to continue to process such personal data in certain circumstances;
to receive your personal data provided to us as a data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format where our processing of the personal data is based on: (i) your consent; (ii) our necessity for performance of a contract to which you are a party to; or (iii) steps taken at your request prior to
entering into a contract with us and the processing is carried out by automated means;
to object to, or restrict, our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances;
if we use your personal data for direct marketing, you can ask us to stop and we will comply with your request;
If we use your personal data for interest-based advertising, you can opt out of such targeted advertising by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For more information, see also: www.raptech.co.com/partner-opt-out
if we use your personal data on the basis of having a legitimate interest, you can object to our use of it for those purposes, giving an explanation of your particular situation, and we will consider your objection;
to object to, and not be subject to a decision which is based solely on, automated processing (including profiling), which produces legal effects or could significantly affect you;
CONTACTING US AND CHANGES TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal data, or if you want to exercise any of your rights, including as set out in paragraph 9 above, or you wish to withdraw your consent where we have stated we are processing your personal data based upon your consent, then please email us at support@raptech.co​
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back regularly to keep informed of updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
ACCOUNT DELETION
​Open Rap Fame app
Sign-in
Go to Settings -> Privacy Center
Select the "Delete Account" menu option.
Confirm your choice.
Your account will be deleted shortly.
Accout DeletionHOMEAbout Rap TechUsed by over 10 million rappers, Rap Tech Studios are a leading rap app development company who specialize in combining our passion for hip hop with the latest advances in music technology.
We’ve created a suite of apps that support and inspire rap artists across the world to unleash their musical talent.CONTACT USSUBMIT BEATPLAYLISTSBLOGLEGAL INFORMATIONTERMS OF USEOPT-OUTPRIVACY POLICYMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.© 2023 Rap Tech Studios Ltdbottom of page