Compatibility Get App BlogMusicAfrikaansArabicBulgarianCzechGermanGreekEnglishSpanishFinnishFrenchHungarianIndonesianItalianJapaneseKoreanDutchPolishPortugueseRomanianRussianSwedishTurkishVietnameseZulu header.blog header.get_app header.deviceprivacyPolicy.heading RadioFM is hereby stating about its Privacy Policy for the user of Radio/Podcast through RadioFM across the Globe. This policy can also be known as a valid, but without consideration agreement of RadioFM with its user. All the terms stated in the Agreement of SERVICE and USE ((https://appradiofm.com/terms-of-use/)) and at other pages of website and links (https://appradiofm.com/) have been settled between RadioFM and user with their full consent and the RadioFM has not concealed anything about it from the Broadcaster, Podcaster and User and the user of application of RadioFM is deemed to have knowledge of all the terms and conditions of policy and agreement with the RadioFM. The user has also gone through the terms of Agreement of Service and Use and has understood the same and agrees with the same. “Privacy Policy”: – is the private policy of the RadioFM, which the user can accept or deny. If the user accepts it, it will be considered that the user has gone through the averments of this policy and has accepted the same without any doubt or confusion and he/she is bound to the terms of user agreement. This policy and user agreement cannot be accepted or denied partly by the user. This privacy policy will be referred as policy hereinafter.“RadioFM”: – is the master of this policy. RadioFM is a company, RadioFM which provides a platform to Radio Broadcaster and Podcaster to index their Radio Station(s) and/or Podcasts in various Products, Applications and Devices but not limited to Websites, Apps, Smart Devices, Online directories, Mobiles Apps, In-car Entertainment systems, Entertainment devices, Robotics, Smart TVs, developed, designed by RadioFM or its subsidiaries (collectively referred as “Apps”). “Information”: – means the personal information of a user collected from him/her by the RadioFM. “Country”: – is the country of the user.“Broadcaster”: – is the Radio Channel listed with the RadioFM, which can easily be available to the user through the RadioFM.“Podcast”: – is the Podcast listed with Radio FM, which can be easily be available to the user through RadioFM.“Radio Listening Facility”: – means the services being provided by the RadioFM through the various mode of services at free of cost, by making it clear that RadioFM is not recognized as service provider as it is only a facility provided by the RadioFM though mentioned as ‘service’ in this policy for the sake of convenience. “Mode of services”: – Services availed on any desktop, laptop, Mobile, Smart TV, Internet, Internet Radio device, in-car entertainment devices OR any other internet enabled devices powered by RadioFM.Since this policy is written in simple English language and RadioFM has no liability to translate into the any particular/specific language of user and while going through this policy. User is adviced to give a careful attention to the terms of this Policy first before accepting the same and while accepting the Terms of Use. User has right to : to know about processing of personal information, deny to consent, suspend the processing, request correction, deletion and destruction of personal information.How RadioFM collects your information Personal Information Provided by you Account Registration and Profile Creation. If you register as a User to use the Service, then you must provide us with your name, a password and email address, in order to create an account and User profile. You may also optionally add to your profile certain demographic information, such as your date of birth, gender, language prefrence as well as your photo. If you obtain a Subscription to the Service, then we’ll redirect you to the appropriate store (google play, apple app store, huawei or anyother store we choose to distribute our app in future) where you’ll be asked to provide your payment information, such as your credit card/debit card number, so that the store can process your payments for the Service. Personal Information obtained from Third Parties The RadioFM also provides user the service to choose to connect social media account with his/her account profile. We collect information from social media services when you use your credentials for these services to log into the Service. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the information you have authorized Facebook to share with us, such as your name, email address, gender, date of birth, and profile picture. We may also obtain other non-public information with your permission.
Personal Information collected from your devicesUser Information: When you use the Service, we collect information about your activities, such as the stations, or podcasts that you listen to, transaction details related to your Subscription, your searched stations and your other actions and interactions with content on the Service, the stations and podcasts that you have shown interest in (“Favorite Lists”, “Subscribed List”), your comments, any content that you post on the Service, and any other information resulting from your use of the Service that is publicly accessible by other Users (“Public Information”).Location Information: With your consent, we may obtain information about your physical location at regular intervals when you use the Service, such as by use of geolocation features in the device(s) through which you access the Service. In addition, we may infer your location from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet). We use location information to comply with radio stations’ content licenses (which are location-specific), and to provide you with features, notifications, or other content that is influenced by your location (such as showing you your local radio station, podcasts)Device Information: We receive information from Users devices through which a User accesses the Service, such as IP address, device model, mobile operating system version, and unique device identifiers. How RadioFM uses your informationInternal and Service-Related Usage.We use Personal Information for internal and Service-related purposes, including to operate, provide, and maintain the Service.The RadioFM observes your listening and usage activity. We collect information about stations, podcasts you have listened to or in which you have expressed an interest (maked as favorite or subscribed).Radio FM gives an option to the registered users to save their favorite and subscribed content (station and podcasts) through Backup and Sync feature.The information of the user can be shared by the RadioFM to its subsidiaries, affiliates, business associates and investors to promote its business and to provide better options to the user.Such information can be shared to the third parties, which includes ad-agencies, payment gateways and analytics platforms.Such information may be shared by the RadioFM with third party/ies overseas, for which no specific contract for the cross-border transfer of personal information in violation of the PIPA will be executed. In case of sharing the data to the third party, the consent of user is required. So, once acceptance of terms of this privacy policy shall be the willful and free consent of user to share his/her information to third parties.The RadioFM or its advertising partners use user’s usage habits to improve its service and personalized experience.The information of the user once delivered to the RadioFM will be retained by the RadioFM in compliance of laws i.e.. Personal Information Protection Act (Korea) https://www.privacy.go.kr/cmm/fms/FileDown.do?atchFileId=FILE_00000000083075, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), https://gdpr-info.eu/ , Digital Media Ethics Code (DMEC) https://mib.gov.in/sites/default/files/IT(Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 English.pdf>This policy is also subject to compliance of laws, directions, guidelines issued time to time by all the respective countries.User will inform the RadioFM in respect to change of either information mentioned above.RadioFM can share all the information provided by the user with its other allied offices, which actually works for the betterment and development of RadioFM without the knowledge of user and user will have no objection of it.Analytics and Improving the Service: We and our service providers use Personal information that we collect on the Service, such as your location and your activities on the Service, to monitor and analyze usage of the Service and to improve and enhance the Service.Communications: We may send emails to an email address you provide to us (i) for customer-service or technical-support purposes, or (ii) to send you (a) information about topics or content that we think may interest you, or (b) updates about the latest developments or features on the Service. We also may send push notifications to your device and a newsletter to the email address you provide to us in the event that you subscribe to receive the newsletter.Survey Serving Technology:- This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user's device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully the Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent . These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfish may share such data with third parties, clients and business partners, for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following linkhttps://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out. We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent's terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data. How RadioFM discloses your informationStation and Channel Partners: We may share certain limited information with our station and podcast partners regarding your listening activity on their stations and podcasts. The information we share may include general geographic information (region/state); listening session stats, favorites, subscribed podcasts, durations. Our station and podcast partners may use and share this information for their research and marketing purposes, or as otherwise disclosed in their respective privacy policies. Advertising Partners: We may share your Personal Information (including IP address) with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you.
Analytics Partners: We may share your Personal Information, device and usage data with our analytics partners to improve our app services.
Other Users: The comments that you leave on any radio station or podcast episode, your name and profile image is public and can be viewed by anyone using our service. In case of Merger, Sale or Re-constitution of RadioFM, the information provided by the user will be transferred to the subsequent owner/master. User shall also be informed regarding such transfer to enable him to continue or refuse to continue with such legal entity. Security of your informationOn sharing information of the user to the third party, the user can withdraw the same any time. Said third party will keep informing the user regarding the purpose of receiving such information. Consequently on denial by the user to give consent to the RadioFM or third party any time, the user will be unable to use and enjoy the RadioFM services any more and the payment, if any, paid by the user for premium features shall not be refunded and the running services will be discontinued with immediate effect. Further, the user shall not be entitled to claim anything against the RadioFM or third party/ies. Payment process of future subscriptions will not stop automatically and the user will have to unsubscribe from the Play Store or App Store, from where he purchased the premium features and the RadioFM will have no concern with the same. Data Retention and DeletionThe information of the user once delivered to the RadioFM will be retained by the RadioFM in compliance of laws i.e. Personal Information Protection Act (Korea), GDPR and IT guidelines and laws of Indian Govt, which directs the company to retain such information.
A user can delete his account by clicking on ‘Delete’ button present in Settings in the app OR he may also send a request to RadioFM to delete the same. On receiving request, RadioFM will delete the account after verifying the user’s login ID (email). On deletion of account, the data of user shared with the RadioFM will be deleted on expiry of 180 days of such deletion in compliance of Information Technology Rules 2021 notified by the Govt. of India. On deletion of account, his future subscription, if any will not be stopped automatically. To stop future subscription, if any, a user will need to unsubscribe from the Play Store or App Store, from where he purchased the premium features.International Data TransferOur Service is global by nature and your data may be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries have different data protection laws than your own, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as mentioned in this policy.The current status of transferring personal information to overseas companies for service use is as follows:Company NameCountryPurposeConcerned DataMethodPeriod of UseAmazon Web Service (AWS)ParisData Storage as per service usageAll items of personal information specified for the purpose of various service within this policyData is transferred over the network as per the service usageAs mentioned in this privacy policy Third Party Privacy PracticesThis Privacy Policy applies only to the processing of your Personal Information by RadioFM. The Service may contain links to third party sites, such as third party content providers (“Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third Party Sites. The links from the Service to any Third Party Sites do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites, for which you will be solely responsible. Childrens PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information, from children under 12 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 12. If you are located in the EEA, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. If you are located in Mexico, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 18. If you are located in South Korea, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 14 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 18. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, then you may alert us at support@appradiofm.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 ( 16 in the EEA, 18 in Mexico or 14 in South Korea), then we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. If you are located in Brazil, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal sensitive information, as it is defined in the applicable law. We will only collect, maintain, or use any personal sensitive information pursuant to your previous and express consent.
RadioFM suggests the user having age as approved globally and suggested by the IARC i.e. the age of 12 years or more to use, listen and download its application. If the law of the State restricts and prohibits or disagree with the global age given by the IARC, then the age of user must be as per the law of his/her state at his/her own responsibility. However, in India, the age of maturity is 18 years and the age of user in India must be 18 or above. The RadioFM is not responsible and liable to any law, if the user has given wrong information to the RadioFM regarding his/her age. The information provided in the required column by the user will be deemed to be the correct information in all aspects. The RadioFM also advices parents and legal guardians to monitor their wards/children’s Internet usage and to help them to enforce this policy. The RadioFM also provides its user a special right that if any user has reason to believe that some other user has provided wrong information with regard to age or otherwise, then said informant user can send the RadioFM the correct information by any mode and then the RadioFM will make endeavor to delete that information from our records. Privacy Options and SettingsOnce you have registered for the Service, you may change your profile settings in your account on the Service. For example, you can change the name, country and gender associated with your account. DevicesYou can access the Service from multiple devices (maximum 3) if you sign into your account on the devices or register them on the Service.Location InformationYou can prevent us from collecting location information from your device by changing the settings on your device, if your device allows you to do so; however, if you do not provide us with location information you may not be able to fully use the Service. Please note that we will continue to receive your IP address and use it as described above to determine, for example, your location to comply with our licensing agreements and provive you with better recommendationsOpt-outEach marketing email communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future marketing communications. You may also contact us as indicated below to have your name deleted from our email mailing lists. Please note, however, that certain communications, such as push notifications, require you to change the settings on your device if you wish not to receive any future communications. In addition, on occasion we may send service-related announcements, such as critical notifications, via email and you may not be able to opt-out of these communications.Changes to Our Privacy Policy and PracticesWe will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If you are concerned about how your information is used, then bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.Person in charge of personal data protection: Atul, Founder reachable at rfmlive@gmail.com This privacy policy is subject to the Indian Law.Contact us through email at support@appradiofm.com Partners Privacy Policy Terms and Condition FAQss Suggest a Stattion Suggest a Podcast Advertisers Contact us About WidgetsSubscription© RADIOFM 2014 - 2023
×This station only works on our mobile app, Radio FMListen for Free in app
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.