Home
About us
Jobs
Contact Us
en
fr
it
pt
ru
sr
Virtual Pet Games
Casual Games
Quiz Games
Coloring Pages
Math Games
Escape Games
Ringtones
en
fr
it
pt
ru
sr
Home
About us
Jobs
Contact Us
Virtual Pet Games
Casual Games
Quiz Games
Coloring Pages
Math Games
Escape Games
Ringtones
Privacy Policy for Free Apps
Revised to be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this privacy policy has been written for the sole purpose of explaining how we collect and use the information as well as what information that might be when you visit or use any of the Peaksel products and services. By accessing and/or using this or any affiliated websites, you are agreeing to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy.
As the controller, the Peaksel D.O.O. Nis has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through its services. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed.
1. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
Peaksel D.O.O. Nis
Kursumlijska 5
18000 Nis
Serbia
Phone: +381643314064
Email: support@peaksel.email
Website: www.peaksel.com
2. Information Collection and Distribution
Automatically Collected Information
We do not collect any user provided information, but we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the apps and games. Also, we have access to but do not store and/or collect the automatically given information provided by Facebook such as public profile, friends list and e-mail. This information becomes unavailable automatically the moment you stop using Facebook to log into our games.
Do we collect precise real time location information of the device?
We do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by Peaksel?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Peaksel is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the new owner and/or partner will have access to all the information collected provided that the mentioned policies and principles of the privacy policy are followed and respected as stated above.
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
3. Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how our apps and games are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in our services which help us keep the applications free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the our services, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising in our apps and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
We will pass the device-level data (e.g. if a device has clicked on a sports ad within our apps). We allow our partners to serve targeted third party advertisements or other content. They may attach the information gathered from your application to info gathered from other apps, websites, or via other services, and then build profiles and transfer the info to another provider. For instance, we may pass advertising IDs to Facebook and they match it with your Facebook ID, aggregate it and delete the initial identifier. By doing so, the other provider may receive or gather information about you and use the information for displaying targeted ads. Advertisers may choose their audience by location, demographics, likes, keywords, age & gender, interests, behaviors, connections and any other information Facebook receives or infers about users. We cooperate with several providers of IBA that are listed herein in the subsection “Advertising Companies”.
4. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
5. Rights of the data subject
Peaksel DOO collects only anonymous information for the purposes of targeted advertising and tracking of user behavior within the game. Should the user wish to eliminate the right to access to this automatically collected information, he or she can turn off individual device tracking on his or her portable device.
6. Advertising Companies
Facebook
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
AdMob
AdMob is one of the world’s largest mobile advertising platforms and claims to serve more than 40 billion mobile banner and text ads per month across mobile Web sites and handset applications. Read about their privacy policy here.
Facebook Audience Network “FAN”
Three ad units are available within FAN: banner, interstitial, native. Banner ads are traditional pop-ups at the bottom of the screen whereas interstitial ads fill up the entire screen. The native ad offering is unique to the actual experience of the app. Expect Facebook to add more unique ad types down the road like auto-play video ads or even offer claims. To check out their privacy policy, click here.
Flurry
Flurry Analytics provides accurate, real time data to developers about how consumers use their mobile applications, as well as how applications are performing across different handsets. Application developers receive anonymous, aggregated usage and performance data, as well as robust reporting and analysis tools. With this data, developers can identify issues and opportunities, create a more informed product roadmap, increase retention and grow their user base. Click here to read about their privacy policy.
Firebase
Firebase gives functionality like analytics, databases, messaging and crash reporting so that developers can move quickly and focus on their users. Read more about FireBase privacy policy here.
AppsFlyer
Accurate data, a customer-centric approach, and privacy by design make AppsFlyer the attribution platform of choice for the world’s leading brands. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
ironSource
ironSource is committed to respecting and protecting individuals’ privacy rights. Read about their privacy policy here.
Unity Ads
Unity is more than an engine. It also brings a growing range of integrated services to engage, retain and monetize audiences. Check out their Privacy Policy.
Vungle
Vungle’s video ads blend into the native user experience and perform better. They’re proud of their track record of helping publishers generate more revenue. Here’s their Privacy Policy.
Applovin
Ad revenues depend on how well the underlying technology serves developer’s users. That’s what sets AppLovin apart. Their marketing platform and advanced optimization algorithms deliver real results. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
Tapjoy
Tapjoy’s Maximum Mobile Impact Platform drives peak performance for the world’s top brands and highest-grossing app developers. Developers can fuel their mobile success with the data, technology, and expertise that delivers unparalleled results. Read more about their Privacy Policy here.
Liftoff
Liftoff is your one stop shop to programmatic user acquisition, re-engagement and monetization. We help you find all of the best users for your app, deliver the most engaging ad experience, and optimize towards your user LTV goals. Read their Privacy Policy here.
Fyber
Fyber is a global technology company, developing a next generation monetization platform for mobile publishers. Fyber combines proprietary technologies and expertise in mediation, RTB, video and audience segmentation to create holistic solutions that shape the future of the mobile app economy. This includes providing the world’s first and only mechanism to achieve a true state of header bidding for the mobile app environment. Read their Privacy Policy here.
Smaato
Smaato’s Digital Ad Tech Platform offers a free ad server and monetization solution. Read their Privacy Policy here.
Aarki
Aarki, an AI-enabled mobile marketing platform, helps brands grow and re-engage mobile users, using machine learning, big data, and engaging creative. Read their Privacy Policy here.
Adcolony
Adcolony is the highest quality mobile advertising and marketing platform delivering primetime advertising for today’s mobile world. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
Pubmatic
PubMatic is a digital advertising technology company who empowers premium app developers and publishers to maximize their programmatic advertising business. You can read their Privacy Policy here .
AdInMo
AdInMo is a dynamic in-game advertising platform that delivers engaged customers for advertisers and quality monetization for developers & publishers. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
Chocolate Platform
We are global company on a mission to deliver best mobile, desktop and connected TV (CTV) video advertising solutions. We offer powerful monetization solutions for app developers, mobile publishers and CTV providers and empower advertisers to deliver exceptional ad experience on all devices. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of our apps and games:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by our apps and games easily by uninstalling them. You may use the standard uninstall processes which may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at PeakselGames@gmx.com.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by:
Following the third party instructions directly:
For Google (AdMob) please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;
For AppLovin please visit https://www.applovin.com/optout.
Activating “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone
The providers of advertising services are bound to comply with “Do Not Track” settings in mobile phones, but we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf. We provide no guarantees regarding the information provided prior to opting out. Some providers may have additional opt-out mechanisms implemented.
If you turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on your Android device, you can restore interest-based ads by turning the settings off. When you opt out, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue to serve you ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.
Your iOS or Android mobile device may provide a “Limit Ad Tracking” or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” setting. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, our partners will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests, or to serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can find the setting for your mobile device by following the directions below, or contact your device provider.
The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier is that advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and for no other purpose, while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the settings of mobile phone. Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for advertising purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of interest-based ads. The parties participating in advertising are obligated to follow users’ choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store guidelines.
ANDROID DEVICE
For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0 and up:
Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising”
IOS DEVICE
iOS 7 or Higher
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
iOS 6
Go to your Settings > Select General > Select About > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ads Tracking” setting
More information about the iOS setting can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
7. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Whether our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, is to be based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
8. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
9. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact Peaksel DOO. The company clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
10. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
11. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Automatically Collected information. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via any of our services, please contact us at support@peaksel.email and we will respond in a reasonable time.
12. Children
We do not use our products to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@peaksel.email . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
13. Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
14. Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
15. Your Consent
By using our services and products, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
16. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our products and services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@peaksel.email.
Updated on May 11, 2022
© 2023 Peaksel D.O.O. Kursumlijska 5, 18000 Nis, Serbia. All rights reserved.
Our portfolio
Virtual Pet Games
Casual Games
Quiz Games
Coloring Pages
Math Games
Escape Games
Ringtones
Company
Home
About us
Jobs
Game Publishing
Partners
Contact Us
Social
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Behance
Viber
Telegram
Medium
Fan Content Policy
Privacy Policy for Free Apps
Privacy Policy for Paid Apps
en
fr
it
pt
ru
sr
Back To Top
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie SettingsAcceptManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
SAVE & ACCEPT
Powered by