Privacy Policy "Piano Keyboard - Play Music" The company respects and attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal privacy. To provide you with a more accurate and personalized service, we will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. try make every effort to protect the safety and reliability of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how we will collect and use your personal information your staff and help you understand your rights. Please read and understand carefully Main this Privacy Policy before using our services. This policy will help you understand the following: 1. Definition 2. How we collect and use your personal information 1. Definition Personal Information: refers to various information recorded electronically or other means that may determine the identity of a particular natural person, or reflect the activities of a particular natural person alone or in combination with other information other. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, please refer to the information types individuals listed in the "How We Collect and Use Personal Information" section Your Person". Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information once leaked, providing unauthorized or abusive, which may jeopardize personal and financial safety property, which is likely to result in damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health or discriminated against. Sensitive personal information regarding privacy policy This includes: your personally identifiable information (including ID cards); information network identity (including account name, account alias and associated password to the foregoing); other information (including address books, personal phone numbers, multiplier) number, mobile number, itinerary information, browsing records, information accommodation, precise location information). For sensitive personal information listed listed above in this Privacy Policy. For your convenience while reading. Outside the definition and the list are uniform here, we will still remind you to pay attention in This privacy policy is in bold or highlighted font. 2. We do not collect user information except sharing it with other users google tools (Admob, firebase). We may share device information with advertising partners, but we I will only give these partners indirect non-personally identifiable vertical cards you and device, network, and channel information are identified or anonymized to help them improve improve your ad's effective reach rate without identifying individuals. In order to better serve our customers, we may use the tool development toolkit third-party software tools (SDKs). We will also conduct security monitoring strict for software tool development kit (SDK) and application programming interface APIs are used by partners to obtain information to protect data security of the user. List of third-party SDKs: Function: Ads SDK to serve ads to users SDK: com.google.android.gms.ads (AdMob) Purpose of use: advertising sdk providing advertising services to users Types of data collected: IMEI, browser type and settings, operating system, mobile network information (including operator name and phone number) and version number apps, location info, mac address, etc Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
At the same time, we will use the following permissions to allow users to experience Better functions of this product: 1: Storage permission android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE Intended use: for users to store or upload to edit documents 2: Network permission android.permission.INTERNET Intended use: It is used to synchronize different states of the network, evaluate the quality of the network, react to situations and handle other activities each other, etc. 3: Network permission android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Intended use: to get the status of network information, such as connection Is the current network valid? 4: Network permission android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE Intended use: Get WiFi status, used to get WiFi access status Current and information about WLAN hotspots 5: Network permission android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE Intended use: change the network state to change the network state, for example like can you connect to the internet We will not share your personal information with any company or organization or any other person other than our company, except in the following cases: With your (and your guardian's) express consent or authorization or your choice your voluntary choice; We may share your personal information outside in accordance with laws and regulations decisions, litigation and dispute resolution needs, or at the request of the authorities administrative and judicial. For example, if we determine that you have broken the law and provision or materially violate the rules of this agreement or to protect the personal safety and property of users of our company and affiliates or the public, we may disclose relevant information in accordance with laws and regulations or platform-related agreement rules. Your personal information, including includes violations and related actions we have taken against you. For example, if you or the account you use upload illegal videos, illegal videos legal and seriously violate our rules, laws and regulations regulations and/or violate public order and fine customs, causing social impacts significantly and damage the reputation of our platform, we may save disclosures to you and penalties. Share your personal information with our affiliates. In those In such cases, we will only share necessary and binding personal information required by the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. If their affiliates I want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask your permission again. (2) Transfer 1. We will not transfer your personal information to any company or organization any organization or individual, except in the following cases: 2. Transfer with express consent: After receiving your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties; 3. In the event of a merger, acquisition or liquidation of the company's bankruptcy, or other other circumstances related to mergers, acquisitions, or liquidation of bankruptcy, if relevant To the transfer of personal information, we will ask companies and organizations new holder of your personal information continues to be subject to this If not, We will ask companies, organizations and individuals to ask your permission again. (3) Publicity
1. We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the fields following and on the basis of implementing security measures according to the standards of branch: 2. According to your needs. Disclosure of personal information specified by you in a disclosure to which you fully agree; 3. As required by laws and regulations, mandatory or required by law enforcement judicial, we will only publicly disclose your personal information in the the following case and on the basis of implementing standard security measures of the industry: 4. According to your needs. Disclosure of personal information specified by you in a disclosure to which you fully agree; 5. When it is necessary to provide your personal information as required by law and regulations, enforcement agencies or judicial requirements. We can disclose your personal information in the forms and methods of disclosure request. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request to disclose information, we will require the presentation of the corresponding legal documents. We do confidence that the information requested from us should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law and we will carefully consider all requests to ensure that they have a legitimate basis. And only data that enforcement agencies law has a legal right to obtain for specific investigative purposes. (4) Exceptions to permission and consent before sharing, transferring delivery and disclosure of personal information 1. In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, in the following cases Here, sharing, transferring and publicly disclosing your personal information Your prior permission and consent is required: 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3. Matters directly related to public safety, public health and welfare major public interest; 4. Matters related to investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of criminal judgments the; 5. To protect the life and property of the personal information subject or individuals other but it is difficult to obtain the consent of that individual; 6. Personal information disclosed by the subject providing personal information general public; 7. Other situations as prescribed by law. In accordance with the law, the sharing and transfer of personal information has been de-identify and ensure that the recipient of the data cannot be recovered and identified the subject of personal information is not sharing, transferring or disclosing disclose personal information to the outside. will not be required to notify you and get your consent. 4. How we protect and save your personal information (1) Technical protection To ensure the security of your information, we try to do many things reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures in accordance with the standards of industry to protect your information, so that your information is not leaked, damaged or loss, including but not limited to SSL, encrypted information storage, data center access control. We will use encryption technology to improve improve the security of personal information; we will use protection mechanisms reliable to prevent personal information from being maliciously hacked; we will deploy
access control mechanisms and make every effort to ensure that only those who Only authorized person can access personal information. (2) Complete institutional measures We have built a protection system that covers all aspects of tax collection collection, storage, use, circulation, destruction of personal information, incident reporting, etc and establish technical support measures. (3) Personnel safety management We also strictly manage employees or outsourced employees who have may have access to your information, including but not limited to use different rights controls in different locations, sign agreements non-disclosure agreements with them and employees' access and mass access rights limited to system or legal conversion Requires system authorization of two or more administrators when cooperating with law enforcement. We will provide corresponding security measures to protect your information and provide reasonable confidentiality under existing technology and we will do our best to keep information your device is not leaked, damaged or lost. We will hold training courses about security and privacy to raise employee awareness of the importance of the protection of personal information. (4) Sensitive information and password protection tips Note about protecting sensitive personal information: information you share voluntarily or even publicity where using our services may involve your or someone else's personal information or even personally sensitive information. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even share publicly relevant information when using our services or not. We will try Make every effort to keep any information you submit to us confidential. If facilities, techniques damage to our technical or management facilities resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, forgery or destruction of information, resulting in damage to rights and your legitimate interests, we will take the corresponding legal responsibility. Finance Your account has security protection functions, please keep your account information secure and your password properly. We will make sure that your information is not stolen lost, misused and altered through security measures such as backing up to another server and encrypt the user password. Despite the security measures say above, please understand that there is no "perfect security measure" on the information network. Information disclosure tips and handling of password leaks: Please note that the Internet is not is an absolutely safe environment, we will do our best to ensure the safety confidentiality of any information you submit to us, please protect your personal information your staff in a reasonable manner. Give to others only when necessary If you discovered my personal information was exposed, especially account and password, happy Please contact our customer service immediately. so that we have suitable remedial measures. (5) Handling information security incidents In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will notify you according to the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the actions we have taken or will take present, recommendations that you can make to prevent and reduce the risk, measures to remedy for you, etc. We will notify you of related cases view of the event via email, mail, phone, push notification, ... When it's difficult to notify For each subject of personal information, we will appropriately disclose the notice rational and effective. At the same time, we will also report the handling of security incidents
all personal information in accordance with the requirements of the management agency. (6) How do we store your personal information Storage location: The Company will comply with the provisions of laws and regulations. Personal information collected and generated during operations in the country will stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China, and shall not be transmitted abroad. If the company has a need to transmit overseas due to demand Business development will clearly communicate and obtain your consent. Storage period: We will take reasonable and practical steps to avoid collect irrelevant personal information. We will only keep personal information your employees in the shortest time necessary to achieve your own goals this book, unless you agree to an extended period of retention or are otherwise authorized by law permission. After the storage period is exceeded, we will delete your personal information or take technical measures to anonymize such information, unless the law and regulations have other provisions. 5. Your Rights 1. After you complete the account registration and perform proper identity verification reasonable and necessary, you may view, modify and delete the personal information you submit. In Under normal circumstances, you can browse, modify and delete the information you submit at any time at any time, but for security and identity reasons, some information cannot be modified Initial registration and verification information provided during registration. 2. We always put the protection of user information first, you have the right Update or edit your information as you please. Before you update and correct your information, to protect the security of your account and ensure ensure that this update and repair is done by you, we will first verify your identity, then update and correct your information. 3. If you don't want us to get some of your information, you can stop it I get your information by closing some functions. After closing some positions capacity, we will not be able to provide you with the respective services. 4. We respect the user's usage habits. If you decide not use our products and services too, you can contact the staff official customer service to request cancellation of your account. Before canceling the account your account, we will verify your personal identity, security status, device commonly used devices and other information to protect account security and ensure that you perform the account cancellation. Special Note: Action of canceling your account you are unchangeable. After you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize all information about your account instantly. We guarantee guarantee that this information will not be disclosed and also, you will not be able to receive services through the account have been cancelled. 5. Access to Privacy Policy: We will remind you of Privacy Policy this when you first sign up for an account and decide for yourself to agree to it. Alternatively, you can log in to your personal account in the mobile app to view this Privacy Policy at any time. Of the entire content. If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you in advance at least thirty days and delete or anonymize your personal information upon termination service or activity. 6. Protection of minors We attach great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18. Before you use related services to edit documents. You should read and agree to this Privacy Policy
under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians, and when using our services or providing information to us with consent of your guardian. For the collection of personal information of minors using the our products or services with the consent of a parent or guardian, We will only use, share and transfer the personal information of minors permitted by law and regulation, showing parental or guardian consent or is necessary to protect the minor or to disclose this information. If we I am aware that the personal information of minors has been collected without Without prior verifiable parental consent, we will attempt to remove the information the sooner the better. 7. How to update this policy (1) The Company may amend this privacy policy from time to time and We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your consent your express consent. (2) After the Privacy Policy is updated. The company will show you the main privacy book changed as push notification and pop-up box when you sign in and update version. So that you can keep up to date with new versions of the Policy this privacy. If you continue to use our services. Tell the truth agree to accept the contents of this Policy as amended. (3) For major changes, we will also provide more prominent announcements (We will explain specific changes to the privacy policy by ways, but not limited to, text messages, private messages, and special reminders separate on the login page with a pop-up window). We will also archive older versions of this policy for your review. Important changes Important points addressed in this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to term in: 1. Our service model has undergone major changes. Such as item purpose
of
processing
personal
information,
the
type
of
personal
information
is
processed,
how
the personal information is processed kernel used, etc.; 2. We have undergone major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as all changes due to business adjustments, mergers and acquisitions, property, etc; 3. The main object of sharing, transferring or disclosing personal information changed; 4. Substantial changes to your right to participate in the processing of personal information person and how such information is to be exercised; 5. When there are changes to the department in charge, contact information and channels complaints that we are responsible for handling about the security of personal information; 6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a risk high. 8. Scope of application This privacy policy applies to all services provided by the company and its affiliates Its offers, including a client, a “Piano Keyboard - Play Music” website, etc. It does not apply to third-party products with separate privacy policies and are not associated with this Privacy Policy or Offer. 1. Other third party products or services, which may include products or Websites and advertising are shown to you in personalized recommendations
personification or other products or websites linked to in the Service " Piano Keyboard - Play Music"; 2. Other third parties advertise the “Piano Keyboard - Play Music” service. Your use of these third-party services (including any personal information which you provide to these third parties) will be governed by these terms The services and privacy policies of these third parties (not the Privacy Policy this). Please read the terms of the third party carefully. Please protect information your personal information reasonably and only make it available to third parties when necessary. “Piano Keyboard - Play Music” and related services are described in this Privacy Policy This password may vary depending on the mobile phone model, system version, version software application version and other elements that you use. Products and services ultimately subject to the software " Piano Keyboard - Play Music" and related services that you use. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding the content of the Privacy Policy, You can contact us by logging in to the "Feedback" page. in the app “Piano Keyboard - Play Music" or email chenfeng@palmmob.com. 9. How to contact us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy. Friend can contact us through the official message. We will consider related issues as soon as possible and respond immediately after confirmation Verify your user identity. In general, we will respond to your request within thirty days. Address: Commercial Center, Bach Dang Ward, Hai Phong City Release date: 2022/15/06