|  Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscription Terms
Premium Trial Terms
Privacy Policy
Community & Content Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Tax Policy
Events
Pandora Privacy Policy
Effective: January 10, 2023
Your California Consumer Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information collected and processed by Pandora Media, LLC. ("Pandora," "us," or "we").
Pandora offers a personalized Internet radio service, virtual events and related platform features available online, at pandora.com, on mobile devices, tablets and connected devices, and in automobiles, as well as certain services for musical artists and advertisers and other advertising entities (collectively, the "Service").
This Policy only covers information collected by Pandora and does not govern the information practices of Pandora's affiliates or subsidiaries. Please review this Policy carefully. By using our Service, you agree to the terms of this Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
In addition, please review the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Service.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS COMPANIES
"DO NOT TRACK" AND GLOBACL PRIVACY CONTROL SIGNALS
MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WEBSITES AND DEVICES
SECURITY
TERRITORIAL LIMITATIONS
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION OF CHILDREN
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER STATE LAWS
CONTACT US
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Pandora offers a variety of products and services, and the information we collect will depend on which products and services you use.
We may collect information from you directly, automatically when you visit the Service and sometimes from third parties. Some of this information may be considered "personal information" or "personal data," and some of which may be considered "sensitive" under various applicable laws. We consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual to be personal information (such as your name, phone number, e-mail address), and we treat additional information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as "personal information" where required by applicable law. And, if we combine information, we consider to be non-personal with personal information, we will treat that combined information as personal information under this policy. Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize personal information so that it is non-personal, such as by aggregating it or converting it to a code, sometimes using function commonly known as a "hash." We will treat de-identified and pseudonymized information as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law.
Information We Receive or Collect from You
Registration Data: When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which includes your email address, birth year, gender, and zip code (the "Registration Data"), as well as a password for your account.
Payment Information: If you choose to subscribe to fee-based portions of the Service, purchase a subscription to the Service as a gift, or purchase add-on products or services, you will also be asked to provide (at a minimum) your name and payment information ("Payment Information").
Information You Choose to Provide to Pandora: You have the ability to provide a variety of information during your interactions with us and the Pandora Service, such as emails you may send us, ads you respond to, and emails or newsletters that you sign up to receive. Pandora or third parties acting on our behalf receive data from you whenever you provide us with information.
Community Posting: You have the ability to post comments, images, and information in community networking features available on or accessible through the Service, such as Pandora Community, your public profile, artist and album forums, our blog, and our social networking pages. You should be aware that any information you submit in the course of these community activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these parts of the Service, as further discussed below. We are not responsible for the information you choose to make public in any of the community networking features available on or through the Service.
Contact Information: If you choose to participate in research studies, or sign up for certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service, you may provide us, and we may collect, your contact information, including your name, mailing address, and phone number ("Contact Information"). The email address you provided as part of your Registration Data is not considered Contact Information for the purposes of this policy.
Voice Data: If you grant microphone access to the Pandora app on your device, we may record your voice when you interact with a voice feature on our app. You can perform a search or control Pandora with your voice by tapping on the microphone icon in the search bar, or by using the wake word "Hey Pandora" if you have enabled "Listen for 'Hey Pandora'" in your app settings. Ad-supported listeners can also use their voice to interact with select audio advertisements, in which case an audible tone will sound when the microphone opens and closes, and an indicator will display on your screen. For more information about Pandora's voice features, see this FAQ. We do not collect or store voiceprints or use such voice data to identify you personally.
Connected Devices: When you stream Pandora content through a third-party connected device, the connected device provider may receive personal information from Pandora about your subscription and listening behavior in order for you to access Pandora services. The third-party provider may also collect personal information directly from the connected device. This Policy does not cover the actions of third-party connected device providers, including how they may use information collected through the device or passed to them to sell and deliver advertising. For more information on connected device data collection and use, please view the terms of use and privacy policy of your third-party connected device provider.
Research: If you choose to participate in surveys or other research, we will collect any information you choose to provide us, together with other data about your use of the Pandora Service.
Third Party Personal Information: Certain features of our Service require you to provide personal information about another person. By providing another person's personal information to us, you confirm that you have all necessary rights and permissions to provide such information. If you choose to provide this information, we may store and use the information for purposes of providing those features. For example, if you choose to purchase a subscription to the Service for a friend, we may ask for your friend's name and email address to provide the gift. We will only use this information for the specific reason for which it was provided or for security purposes, such as to prevent fraud. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@pandora.com.
Information We Collect Automatically
We as well as third party companies we have business relationships with, including advertising entities, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or use a Service or otherwise interact with us or our content, including our advertisements or third party advertisements on our Service ("Usage Information").
General Usage Information - Pandora may collect certain technical information through the use of log files and servers. Web and application servers create log files automatically as part of their setup and configuration. such as the hardware model, browser, internet service provider, operating system, the URL or advertisement that referred you to the Service you are visiting, the areas of the Services that you visit or use, access times and listening behavior, pages viewed, search terms entered, your time zone, and mobile network (if applicable), among other information related to your transactions.
Note this may include data that allows us to follow up with you, such as when you begin the process to make a purchase but abandon the transaction. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address and unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the device you use to access the Services.
Interactions with our Content - We also collect Usage Information related to the content you listen to or watch and how you interact with it. This includes listening activity, which may include the number and title of songs you have listened to, the songs that you like (thumb up) or dislike (thumb down), the stations and playlists you create or listen to, tune starts, the songs you skip, and how long you listen.
Location Information -- When you register for the Pandora Service, you provide us with your zip or postal code. We may also collect approximate or precise location information from devices you use while accessing the Pandora Service. Your location may be roughly approximated from the IP address currently assigned to your device.
Depending on the device and operating system, rough or approximate location information may be derived from nearby wireless signals such as cell towers, Wi-Fi networks, and Bluetooth beacons or determined precisely using the GPS function on your device. We will not collect precise location information unless you have consented to allow Pandora to collect and use location services from your device. You can disable access by the Pandora app to location services at any time in your system settings.
Information Collection Technologies
Our use of cookies -- Cookies are small text files that are stored locally on your device when you use the website or certain internet-enabled devices to access the Service.
These technologies are able to store a unique identifier that allows us to recognize the device whenever it returns to that Service. We use the identifier in a cookie to help us manage and report on your interaction with the Service. Through cookies, we are able to collect information that we use to improve the Service, or. We, our service providers, or third party companies with whom we have a business relationship may use cookies and other technologies to secure and improve the Service, authenticate your login credentials, keep count of return visits to our website or those of our advertisers or other companies, study the effectiveness of our customer communications, manage multiple instances of the Service in a single browser, collect and report on aggregate statistical information, measure crash analytics and other maintenance related information, manage and measure the performance of advertisements placed by Pandora on other sites or third party advertisements delivered by or through the Service, and personalize your experience of the Service. We may also collect other data such as the page or site that referred you to the Service, the date and time you visited the Service, and your current IP address. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how users engage with the Service. For more information about Google Analytics and how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Advertisers' and other third parties' use of cookies -- Advertisers and other third-party advertising entities that deliver ads to you on the Service may place or recognize a unique cookie on your hard drive. Advertising entities may use cookies in order to collect information about you, which may include how many times you have seen their ads or whether you have interacted with an ad. They may also use third-party cookies to provide you with interest-based advertising. Most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject third-party cookies.
You may limit cookies on your device by adjusting the settings on your Internet browser or via settings we make available on our website. You will need to indicate your preferences for each device or browser that you use.
If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your privacy settings on your device, you may still use our Service, but your ability to use some areas of our website, and the ability to stay logged in, will be limited. For more information about cookies and managing cookies generally, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. If you would like to review and modify your interest-based advertising settings, visit Your Advertising Choices on Pandora.
Web beacons and tracking pixels -- Pandora, third-party advertising entities, and tracking-utility partners employ a technology known as "beacons" or "tracking pixels" (each, a "Beacon"). A Beacon is a one-pixel-by-one-pixel clear image that may be embedded in web pages or email messages.. Web tags or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to a Service, to monitor how users navigate a Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular videos or links were actually viewed. The use of a Beacon may also allow us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and of our marketing campaigns.
Software development kits (SDKs) -- SDKs are a software package that contains a set of tools that can be used to help build applications and implement new features in existing apps. These tools can be used to create and operate features that collect information from your device.
Data collection from mobile devices -- We use SDKs and similar tools to collect information from mobile devices such as the hardware model, operating system and version, identification numbers assigned to your mobile device, such as the ID for Advertising (IDFA) on Apple devices, and the Advertising ID on Android devices, mobile network information, and website usage behavior. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security, fraud detection, and maintenance purposes.
Chat boxes - When you participate in our Pandora Support Chat, Pandora can record and use your communications and the information you provide in order to assist you during the chat session, to improve the Service and for marketing purposes.
In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect Usage Information and similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Information We Receive or Collect from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from our affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, third parties including companies with whom we have a business relationships, marketing companies, and data providers, and combine and store it on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from you. We also receive information from advertising entities such as advertisers and advertising agencies that collect and maintain information on their customers. These third parties may provide Pandora with certain information about those customers for the purposes of serving advertisements and/or marketing offers to their customers on the Pandora Service. We may also receive information from governmental or quasi-governmental agencies or organizations that provide or make available, to the public, census and demographic data or other public databases.
We may also receive information about you from people who store or post information about you on the community features of the Service, or by your enabling connectivity with another website, application, or service where friends or other listeners store such information. For instance, your friends may store information about you in places such as their friend lists, address books, or photos on our Service or other websites, applications, or services such as social media applications with which the Service interacts.
Social Media Interactions - We may allow you to use third-party social media websites, applications or services ("Social Media") to interact through the Service and provide personalized service to you, which may include the ability for you to "like" or "share" content. If you choose to post information to a Social Media platform, that information will be public. You may also have the opportunity to connect your account on a Social Media service (e.g., Facebook or Twitter). When you interact with Social Media through the Services, we may receive information about you from that Social Media service and they may set their own cookies and collect information about your use of the Services, including your IP address or other device identifier and which page you are visiting on a Service. These Social Media platforms may be able to collect certain information about your visits to the Service regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the Social Media platform.
Personal information collected and stored by a third party is subject solely to the third party's privacy practices. Pandora is not responsible for, and will assume no liability, if a third party collects, uses, or shares any personal information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws, rules, or agreements.
2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Generally: Pandora may use your Registration Data and other personal information or data we receive or collect, as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing, for a variety of purposes, such as:
To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on the Pandora Service.
To provide and improve the Pandora Service, and to develop new products and services.
To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you both on the Service and on other services offered by our publishing partners. We use this information to provide you with relevant and interesting advertising and other content.
To measure and analyze Service usage and enhance the listener experience on our Service. We use tracking information to determine how well each page and station performs overall, based on aggregate listener demographics and traffic patterns to those pages and stations. This helps us continue to build a better Service for you.
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as distributing electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services, surveys, and public forums.
To send you information that you requested or agreed to receive.
To alert you to the latest developments and features on our Service and to notify you of administrative information, such as security or support and maintenance advisories.
To invite you to participate in events or special promotions related to artists or products we think you may like or in which you may be interested.
To contact you with regard to your use of the Service, our agreements with you including the Services Terms of Use, or changes to our policies;
To conduct and support research and publication around the art and science of sound and music, and the connections they inspire, as well as other areas of technological advancement pertinent to our products and services.
To investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies.
To comply with our policies, procedures, and legal obligations including complying with government authority requests, regulatory requirements, and enforcing our agreements and policies, and
To fulfill purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information or otherwise with your consent.
We may also use non-personal information at our discretion, such as to deliver, monitor, and report on general, regional or contextual advertising, or to allow others to do so.
Push Notifications: We may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level in your app settings. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Email Address: We do not sell or give your email address to other companies for their own marketing purposes without your permission. We may use your email address or other Registration Data to provide you with technical support, send you notices about the Service or other promotional offers you have elected to receive, and to serve you with ads that are more relevant to your interests. We may also work with data partners and advertising platforms to help increase the relevance of ads we provide to our listeners. In doing so, we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received, such as your email address, in connection with these partners and platforms.
Contact Information: We do not sell or give your Contact Information to companies for their own marketing purposes without your permission. We do use Contact Information, however, to contact you, and to provide you with special offers and other information. If you provided your Contact Information as part of your use of Pandora's Artist Marketing Platform, we may use your Contact Information to update you on new features and functionality made available as part of the Artist Marketing Platform, or the status of your content submission. You may at any time request that we cease using your Contact Information by contacting User Support.
3. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may share non-personal information, which may include Usage Information, or information that has been de-identified or pseudonymized, with third parties at our discretion, and as allowed by law, including to pay artists and rights owners by reporting aggregated or de-identified listening information to copyright owners and licensing agencies or for targeted advertising purposes.
We may share personal information we have collected about you as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as described in this policy, with your consent, and in the following circumstances:
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Entities
We may share information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for business, analytical, marketing, operational and advertising purposes as described in our respective privacy policies, and to offer, provide, and improve services and products offered both individually and jointly. Sirius XM's privacy policy is available at www.siriusxm.com/privacy-policy.
When You Consent To or Direct Us To Share Your Information
We may share your personal information when you expressly consent or otherwise direct us to do so. For example, you may be presented with the option to share your information with a third party content provider of content that you have expressed interest in. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third party, and you should consult the privacy policy of the third party for information about how they will use your information.
If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly. If you elect to take advantage of certain features or services provided jointly by Pandora and third parties, we may share certain information about you with those third parties for account authentication and management, and to enable the Service on their platforms. For example, when you elect to use products, services, features, or functionality, such as or, provided by third-party providers, such as Google Now offered by Google or Pandora for Business provided by Mood Media, you agree that we may provide certain data about you to those partners in order to enable the functionality you intend to use. These third-party providers may have their own data collection, use, and sharing practices that may also be applicable to your personal information, and that are not covered by this policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of such third-party providers and that it is your responsibility to review the applicable terms of use and privacy policies of such providers and the methods they use for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services.
When You Post Content Publicly or Elect to Share
The Service offers publicly accessible and available profile pages, Pandora Community, community forums (such as artist, song, or advertiser pages), blogs, and pages on social media platforms ("Community Forums"). Note that anything you choose to disclose in such a Community Forum is public Any information you provide or post in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them and the protections of this Policy do not apply. If your profile is public, any information you place in your user profile, including biographical information, the people you are following, and the people whom you allow to follow you, may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of such information from our public forums, contact our User Support team. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. To find out more about how to make your profile private, please see "Pandora Profile Visibility" in Section 6 - Managing Your Information below.
You may also elect to publicly share playlists that you have created or information about the artists, tracks, and stations you have listened to via the Service or that are associated with your account. If your Pandora profile is marked as private, your stations may appear in a search, but your profile will not be linked to that station; however, if someone knows and searches the Service for your email address, they will be able to see a list of all the stations created under that email address.
Service Providers
We may share information with third party service providers or allow those third parties to collect information about you, to enable them to perform services on our behalf, such as web hosting services, website usage analytics, bulk email processors who send out emails on our behalf, merchandise order fulfillment, research surveys, marketing assistance and data analysis, processing payments, or other such services performed on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. They are not authorized to use your personal information for their own, unrelated purposes. Additionally, we may share various information relating to our users and fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activities with our fraud prevention and similar service providers, and they will use this information to help us and their other clients prevent fraudulent and illegal transactions.
Sharing of Device Information
Pandora may share information we gather from devices you use to access the Service with its third-party vendors or service providers, manufacturers or distributors, or advertising entities. We share this information for a variety of purposes such as mobile listening capping, advertising frequency capping, tracking advertising conversion events, estimating the number of unique users, security and fraud detection, debugging problems with the Pandora Service, and for providing you with more relevant advertisements. We may also use device identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.
We also share device identifiers with third-party providers to measure and analyze Service usage, such as how long and how frequently you are using the Service. Advertising entities may also use these providers to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
Sweepstakes, Contests, Events, Promotions and Surveys
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, live or virtual events, giveaways, and other promotions (any, a "Promotion") that may require registration and/or providing certain personal information. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing us, or a sponsor disclosed at the time of the Promotion, to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). If you choose to engage in a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotion's terms or official rules (such as on a winners list).
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties: (i) to comply with a legal obligation, such as respond to a valid subpoena or other legal process or if we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (ii) in response to a legitimate request from a legal, regulatory or government authority conducting an investigation; (iii) to protect, enforce or defend our agreements, the Service Terms of Use, or other policies applicable to our Services; (iv) to respond to an emergency; (v) otherwise to protect or defend the safety, rights, property or security of any of Pandora, our employees or contractors, our subsidiaries, or our customers, or (vi) to protect against fraud or to conduct risk management. In the course of any of the above, we may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies at our discretion.
Business Transfers
In the event Pandora goes through a business transition, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer all personal information related to the Service (including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process): (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of a Service or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, the sale of certain of Pandora's ownership interests and/or assets, or other company change. By providing your information, you understand and agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent.
4. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS COMPANIES
We work with third-party companies such as network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics providers, data providers, and other advertising entities to serve to serve advertisements and offers for the Service on other properties and applications, to serve third party ads on the Service and to provide us with information regarding the use and performance of the Service, and advertising campaign measurement and reporting. These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons), and they may otherwise collect or have access to Usage Information and other information about you, some of which may be personal information under various state laws. Some of these parties may collect personal information over time when you visit the Service or other online websites and services. We may share information, typically information that has been pseudonymized or de-identified (including hashed email addresses), Usage Information, and general location information with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for the purpose of delivering more relevant ads on and off the Service.
You have the following methods to exercise choice around the collection of data by these advertising/analytics third parties through the Service:
Cookie Settings - Pandora offers visitors to the Service an ability to opt-out of the collection of information via third party cookies for certain targeted advertising and similar purposes. You can make changes to which categories of cookies we use (with the exception of strictly necessary cookies) by launching the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages. You may also be able to limit or block the placement of certain cookies through your Internet browser.
Self-Regulatory Programs Opt-Outs - We may use a variety of companies to serve our advertisements. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and you may want to visit the following webpages, which provide "opt-out" mechanisms for participating companies: https://optout.networkadvertising.org and https://optout.aboutads.info.
Opting Out of Behavioral Advertising on Mobile and Tablet Devices: Mobile devices may contain settings that allow you to disable tracking advertising and/or analytics. Your mobile device manufacturer may also provide methods to opt-out from advertising based on your individual interests through your mobile device. If you are using an iOS-based device and do not want to receive advertisements personalized to you or your individual interests, you may be able to limit these advertisements by enabling "Limit Ad Tracking" on your iOS Device following these instructions from Apple. If you are using an Android-based device and you do not wish to receive advertisements personalized to you or your individual interests, you can visit Google's Ads Settings page from a browser on your Android-based device and make your choices there. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register their intent not to receive targeted advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Pandora does not control the applicable platform operator-supplied ad settings, which may be updated or removed in accordance with each platform operator's respective policy. You should contact the platform operator if these options are no longer available.
Opting Out of Third Party Service Measurement and Analytics: As disclosed in this policy, we use third-party providers to aid us in measuring and analyzing service usage. You may opt out of web-based participation in these measurement services by following the instructions on the following web pages for each respective company: Nielsen and Scorecard Research. To opt-out of participation on mobile and tablet devices, please follow the instructions above listed in the section for Opting Out of Behavioral Advertising on Mobile and Tablet Devices.
Google Analytics - We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Service and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online services. You can learn about Google's practices by going to http://www.google/policies/privacy/partners, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at http://www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that your opt-out choices are browser and device specific; if you disable your cookies, upgrade your browser after opting out or if you use multiple different devices, please opt-out on each device and each browser separately. Also, opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads while online. Certain states provide additional rights.
Please see Section 12 -- Your Privacy Rights Under State Laws below for more information.
5. "DO NOT TRACK" AND GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL SIGNALS
Do Not Track - Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to websites and online services that you visit. When you choose to turn on the "Do Not Track" setting in your browser, your browser will send a signal to websites, analytics providers, advertisement networks, plug-in providers, and other web service providers you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity.
To find out more about and set up "Do Not Track," please visit www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Global Privacy Control - Global Privacy Control ("GPC") is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking.
To find out more about and set up GPC, please visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#about.
6. MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
Modification of Your Registration Data - We provide you with the ability to access and modify your Registration Data, which you may do through the Settings section of our Service or by contacting User Support. For detailed instructions on how to modify your Registration Data or to otherwise access this information, visit help.pandora.com. We generally respond to help requests within 24 hours of receiving a request, but it may take up to 30 days depending on the volume of requests we receive.
Note that when you edit your personal information or change your preferences, information that you remove may persist internally for certain administrative purposes or within backup media.
Retention of Personal Information - We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us or continue to use the Service, and for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy; to support your account and provide the Service to you; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; resolve disputes and enforce our agreements; and comply with legal, financial and regulatory requirements.
If you would like to delete your Registration Data, or if you would like more information on cancelling or deactivating your account, see the section below on Cancellation or Deactivation of Accounts.
Your Contact Preferences — When you register for the Service, you may elect to receive promotional, marketing, or other similar emails tailored to your interests. You have the option to change this election in your account settings. For information on how to opt in or out of receiving promotional, marketing, or other similar emails from us, visit help.pandora.com. Additionally, you may also follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the promotional, marketing, or other similar emails you receive. Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we will continue to send you transaction confirmation emails and other Service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS or RCS messages from us, you may unsubscribe from any SMS or MMS or RCS messages received by replying "STOP".
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to the Pandora app. You can elect to stop receiving those messages by changing the notification settings on your device.
Cancellation or Deactivation of Accounts - If you would like to request the cancellation or deactivation of your account, you should contact our User Support team for assistance. Cancellation or deactivation of your account does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you may have posted or otherwise made available publicly on the Service while you were a registered user. You should also contact our User Support team to request the deactivation of a profile you believe is fake or otherwise unauthorized.
Pandora Profile Visibility - When you register for the Pandora Service, your profile and listening activity will be public. When the visibility of your Pandora profile is set to public, the Service automatically publishes your listening activity to your profile. For example, if you create a new station or thumb up a song, that activity will be posted in your Pandora profile for members of the public to view. We provide you with the ability to change the degree of visibility of your Pandora profile. For detailed instructions on how to adjust your Pandora profile visibility settings, visit help.pandora.com.
Please note that changes to the visibility of your Pandora profile do not have any impact on the advertising you may see if you use the ad-supported version of the Service.
Cached Profiles on Search Engines - Although we may deactivate your account or make your profile private at your request, Internet search engines such as Google and Bing cache publicly available webpages for a period of time beyond the control of Pandora, and may make your deactivated or formerly public profile available to users of their services on their platforms until such time as they refresh their webpage cache. Please consult with the applicable search engine to determine how you may remove webpages from their webpage cache.
Other Privacy Rights - Residents of California, Nevada and Virginia: Please see Section 12 - Your Privacy Rights Under State Laws below for more information on additional rights you may have.
7. THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WEBSITES & DEVICES
Our Service or certain advertisements on our Service may include links to other websites, applications or platforms whose privacy practices may differ from those of Pandora. Pandora is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third party websites, applications or platforms.
In certain instances, the Service may be associated with or redirect users to content that is served by another party or links to websites or content that Pandora does not control; for example, a third party business that facilitates a live virtual event may display our logo as part of a co-branded business relationship. Such third party may require you to establish an account or provide other information to access the content. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, the privacy statements and practices of those third party websites, applications or platforms govern their collection and use of your information. We encourage you to carefully read the terms of use and privacy policy of any website, application or platform you visit.
The Service may be accessed through third party connected devices such as connected set top boxes or media players, smart TVs, speakers or other smart devices, gaming consoles, or other similar devices. These third party operators and content providers use their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your Internet-enabled Device, and they may independently collect data from or about you and your use of their content, websites, devices or services.
Their collection and use of your information is subject to their privacy policies.
Use of Framing Techniques: Some third-party companies with whom we have a business relationship may utilize framing techniques to serve content to and from webpages accessible through our Service while preserving the look and feel of our website. Please be aware that if a third party utilizes framing techniques, you are providing your personal information to the third party and not to Pandora.
8. SECURITY
We have implemented commercially reasonable security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information we collect or receive from you. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Pandora cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information we collect.
You use the Service and provide us information at your own risk. If you have any questions about security on our Service, you can contact our User Support team.
9. TERRITORIAL LIMITATIONS
Pandora is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by United States law. Pandora audio services and the Pandora app are intended for use by residents of the United States only.
For authorized use of certain limited Services outside the U.S., such as Pandora's Artist Marketing Platform, by using such Service and/or providing us with information, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the information you submit to us may be transferred to the U.S. and other countries to be processed by us or our service providers in order to provide the Service to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this policy. If you are not a resident of the U.S., you hereby consent and agree that we may collect, process, use, and store your information, as discussed in this policy, outside your resident jurisdiction, including in the U.S. Please be aware that U.S. law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different levels of protection for information than may be available in your country. Personal information processed or stored in other countries may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in accordance with the laws of the applicable country.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
To the extent allowed by applicable law, Pandora reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. We will notify you of material changes by posting the changed or modified Policy on the Services and will otherwise notify you as required by applicable law. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through an email address you use to access the Service, or posting a message on the Service. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date of the revised Policy will constitute your consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. However, we will provide notice and obtain your consent (opt-in or opt-out) if required. Note that when applicable, you may need to consent to a revised policy in order to continue to use the Service.
11. INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
Pandora prohibits registration by, and does not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under 13 years of age. In the event we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from children under the age of 13, we will take measures to remove such information from our servers. If you believe that personal information has been collected from a child under 13, please contact our User Support team at privacy@pandora.com or write to us at Attn: User Support, Pandora Media, LLC, 2100 Franklin St, Suite 700, Oakland, CA 94612 USA.
12. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER STATE LAWS
Your personal information and its collection, use, sources, and sharing are described in this policy. Please see below for additional provisions, as required under the consumer privacy law of your state.
Notice to California Residents
Your rights under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83 (Shine the Light law): We only share personal information (as defined) with third parties for direct marketing purposes if you either specifically opt-in, or are offered the opportunity to opt-out and elect not to opt-out of such sharing at the time you provide personal information or when you choose to participate in a feature on the Pandora Service. If you do not opt-in or if you opt-out at that time, we will not share your personal information with that identified third party for direct marketing purposes.
Your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA): CCPA provides for certain disclosures about your rights and the personal information we collect, sell, and disclose. To view this information, visit Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights.
Notice to Nevada Residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you may apply limits to the sale of certain personal information to third parties for resale or licensing purposes, subject to applicable law. Pandora does not sell your personal information for such use. You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to privacy@pandora.com, with the subject line, "Nevada Do Not Sell Request" along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current Pandora listener. If you are a former or current Pandora listener, in order to process your request, your email address must match the email address on your account.
Notice to Virginia Residents
As required under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), this Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal data we process, the purpose for processing personal data, the categories of personal data shared, and the categories of third parties with whom personal data is shared. Virginia residents have the following rights, all subject to the meanings and exceptions set forth in the VCDPA:
To confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to request a copy of the personal data previously provided by you to us, up to twice annually ("Right to Access")
To request that we delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you ("Right to Delete")
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising
as defined under VCDPA ("Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising")
Pandora engages in advertising practices that may be considered "targeted advertising" under the VCDPA. To opt out of offline sharing of personal data for targeted advertising, please submit your preference at Your Privacy Choices. To disable online data processing through cookies set by third parties that may be targeted advertising under the VCDPA, please launch the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages.
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of a sale ("Right to Opt-Out of Sale")
Pandora does not sell personal data to third parties for monetary compensation.
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. ("Right to Opt-Out of Profiling")
Pandora does not process personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To opt-in to the processing of sensitive data (as defined under VCDPA) ("Right to Opt-in to Processing of Sensitive Data").
Pandora will obtain your opt-in consent before collection or processing of sensitive data.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to exercise any of these rights described above pursuant to the VCDPA, and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder, please submit a request here.
Virginia residents also have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal data we hold about you ("Right to Correct"). This right may be exercised directly via the Settings section of our Service or by contacting User Support at privacy@pandora.com with information on the data you wish to have corrected. You may be asked for additional information in order to authenticate your identity and validate your request.
VCDPA Appeals
Pursuant to the VCDPA, if, for any reason, you would like to appeal our decision relating to your request, you have the right to submit an appeal and can do so by submitting your request here. Please provide all of the requested information so that we may properly address your appeal.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this policy or the privacy practices of Pandora, contact us at privacy@pandora.com, or write to us at Attn: User Support, Pandora Media, LLC, 2100 Franklin St, Suite 700, Oakland, CA 94612 USA.
We have provided this Policy in Spanish. To the extent the translated version of this Policy is inconsistent with the English version, the terms of the English version will govern.