Skip to main content
Shop
Speakers
Portable Speakers
Home Theater
Speaker Sets
Accessories
Architectural
Components
Shop all
Learn
How Sonos Works
Home Theater
Support
Radio
Business
Popular searches
My account
Profile
Orders
System
Beta
Logout
Shop
Learn
Support
Radio
Business
Sign in
Welcome
Sonos, Inc. Privacy Statement
Last updated: March 2023 (archived versions)
Quick Links
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Customer Interactions with Sonos
How We Use Personal Information
How We May Share Personal Information
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Your Rights and Choices
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
California Residents Addendum
Download a PDF version of this statement
Download a PDF version of previous statement
Privacy Statement - China addendum, English
Privacy Statement - China addendum, Chinese
We deeply respect your privacy and right to control how and if your personal data is used. Our guiding principles are simple:We use data to serve our listeners.We provide meaningful choices that are easy to understand.We collect only what we need.We protect the data of our listeners as if it were our own.The primary purpose of collecting your data is to improve your listening experience. Whether we're collaborating with music services to make sure you have access to your favorite playlists and can discover new artists, giving you the ability to play music with your voice or the touch of your smart home system, or offering you highly responsive customer support when something goes wrong, our aim is for you to listen as effortlessly as possible. To that end, we only collect your data for clearly defined purposes. We do not and will not sell your personal data to third parties. However, certain data practices described throughout this Privacy Statement may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of data under California and/or other US state laws. See below the California Residents Addendum (the “CA Addendum”) for more information applicable to CA residents.This Privacy Statement (the 'Statement') explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how we use it. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you or that we can link to you. The Statement also covers the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. It applies to all products offered by Sonos ('Sonos Product(s)'), including our Sonos control app ('Sonos app' or 'app') or services, for example Sonos Voice Control (‘SVC’), the Sonos website, Sonos Radio, as well as other offline interactions, such as visiting a Sonos store or attending a Sonos event (collectively referred to as, 'Services'). Please read this Statement carefully to understand how Sonos may collect, use and share your personal information. The terms 'we', 'us', or 'Sonos' are each intended as reference to Sonos, Inc.This Statement describes:The Types of Personal Information We CollectCustomer Interactions with SonosHow We Use Personal InformationHow We May Share Personal InformationThe Legal Bases for Using Personal InformationSecurity, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We CollectYour Rights and ChoicesOur Use of Cookies and Other Similar TechnologiesHow to Contact UsChanges to Our Privacy StatementIf you are a resident in the People’s Republic of China (“China” or “PRC”) (for the purpose of this Statement, excluding Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan), the addendum (the “China Addendum”) attached to this Statement also applies to you. Please read the addendum carefully to understand how Sonos may collect, use and process your personal information.If you are a resident of California, the CA Addendum attached to this Statement also applies to you. Please read the CA Addendum carefully to understand how Sonos may collect, use and process your personal information.
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, phone number and email address; for instance, when you want to learn more about Sonos Products and Services or when you contact our Customer Care group for assistance with your Sonos Products.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect Functional Data (as defined below), which is necessary for your Sonos Product and/or Service to perform its basic functions in a secure way; Additional Usage Data (as defined below) which, in some cases, may be necessary to deliver functionality; it also helps us improve your experience with Sonos Products and to offer better, personalized Sonos Products and Services; and information collected by using cookies and similar technologies when you use, access or interact with us via our websites or app. We may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access our websites, the operating system and version, your IP address, your general geographic location as indicated by your IP address, your browser type, the webpages you view on our websites, and whether and how you interact with content available on our websites.
Information obtained from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, such as music service partners and partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint-marketing activities. We may also receive information about you from social media platforms, for instance, when you interact with us on social media. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Statement and we also apply any additional restrictions imposed by the source of data.
Information of children
Sonos does not target and is not intended to attract children under sixteen. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website or use our app, we do not knowingly collect or request personal information from those under the age of sixteen without parental consent. If, following a notification by a parent or guardian or discovery by other means, a child under sixteen has been improperly registered on our site using false information, we will cancel the child's account and delete the child's personal information from our records.
Return to top
Customer Interactions with Sonos
To make the information in this Statement easy to understand, we have highlighted different occasions when Sonos could potentially collect personal information from customers. The relevant sections in the Statement apply to you to the extent you use certain Products and/or Services and they are made available to you in your region. The customer interactions with Sonos are broken down into the following segments:
Learning about Sonos
As you gather more information about Sonos, you may virtually or physically visit a site that we own. Examples include browsing our website, calling our in-house sales representatives, physically visiting a Sonos-owned store or attending Sonos-sponsored events. To learn more about Sonos Products, you may voluntarily provide personal information, such as your name and email address during these interactions. We may also collect information about you online via cookies or similar technologies when you visit our websites.We collect: name, email address, IP address, and information provided by cookies or similar technology.Why: We use this information to share news about events and products offered by Sonos. Additionally, the IP address helps us to understand geographic information about our websites’ visitors better so that we can improve our website for everyone. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Buying Sonos Products and Services
Once you have decided to buy a Sonos Product and/or Service, we offer a way for customers to buy directly from us at www.sonos.com or at a Sonos retail store. When you buy from us, you will be asked to provide information so that we can complete your purchase.We collect: your name, phone number (optional), email address, delivery/shipping address, and payment information.Why: We use this information to complete your transaction, follow up with you about your purchase, help with any delivery issues, handle returns, and other issues related to the purchase of your Sonos Products and/or Services. Processing your personal data for this purpose is necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you. Please note, we do not store any payment or credit card information. We only use payment information in connection with the purchase of Sonos Products and Services.
Registering your Sonos System
Once you receive your Sonos Products, you will be required to connect your Product to a network at home. Each Sonos Product needs to be connected to the internet for setup. As part of the initial setup, you will be asked to download the Sonos control app from either our website or a third-party website, such as the Google Play Store. The Sonos app allows you to control your Sonos system from the device of your choice (for example your phone or tablet). During the setup process, the Sonos app will ask you to set up an account and register your system with Sonos. You must register your Sonos Products in order for them to work.As part of registering your Sonos Product, the app will prompt you to enter information such as an email address and location data (country, postcode) which is required to provide this information to register your Sonos system. Your Sonos system will then establish a unique alpha-numeric identification number which we use to help identify your specific Sonos system in a less personal manner. This identification number will be associated with the email address that you provide along with the Product serial number and the IP address from where the Product connected. As part of registration, you will need to set up a Sonos account. We collect your password to your Sonos account which is only used for authentication and Sonos account access.We collect: your name, phone number, email address, location data, your password and IP address. Please note, your password is stored using one-way hash, which means that it cannot be recovered (or disclosed) by anyone, including Sonos.Why: We collect this information to help get your Sonos Product and/or Service working securely (which helps prevent unauthorized access to your Sonos Products, Services or home network) and to make sure that we enable you to select the right music service options based on your geographic location (e.g. radio stations available in your country). This processing is necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you. We also use your email to send you Sonos-related notifications, such as promotional messages, software updates, information about Sonos Products and/or Services, and to share exciting Sonos news and Product offerings. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Using Sonos Products and Services
At Sonos we believe you can enjoy great Products and Services without compromising your privacy. Learn more about how we use your personal information here.There are three main reasons we collect information from your Sonos Products: (1) to offer you music services or other audio content choices (e.g. radio, tv or games) which is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, (2) to offer you control over your Sonos system (e.g. app, voice) which is necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you, and (3) to make your Sonos Products and Services better over time which is our legitimate interest.Using Sonos Products involves selecting audio content to play in the rooms or spaces of your choice. Although you can play free internet radio or music files stored locally on your home network (for example on your computer’s hard drive), most Sonos owners prefer to add a streaming music service for playback via their Sonos Products. Examples include Spotify, Apple Music, Pandora, and other audio content services. The addition of any of these music services requires you to link your individual music service to your Sonos system. Once you have started playing music or other audio content on your Sonos Products, the data we receive is dependent on your preferences.When you use Sonos Products and/or Service, including but not limited to downloading a firmware/software update, connecting to third party product and/or service such as music streaming or voice control services, selecting audio content to play in the rooms or spaces of your choice and/or otherwise interacting with Sonos Products and/or Services we may collect, depending on your preference and/or settings, a variety of personal and non-personal information, including:Contact Information. Data such as name, email address, or other contact information.Sonos Account Information. Your Sonos account and related account details such as profile information, order history (if/when you buy Sonos products via sonos.com website), products, room names, applicable subscriptions to Services or Sonos Beta program, and other information described here.Product and Service Functionality and Usage. Certain Sonos Products, software (e.g. Sonos app) and Services (e.g. Sonos Radio and/or Sonos Voice Control) automatically collect, store and/or may otherwise process necessary information in order to operate and perform their basic functions in a secure way. This information may include product and third party device identifiers (e.g. device manufacturer and model, OS type and version), technical configuration data and other non-personal information. Some of this information may be transmitted to Sonos’ servers. When you use your Sonos Product(s), basic application installation information will also be collected automatically.Functional Data. This data is absolutely necessary for your Sonos Product and/or Service, including Sonos Radio and Sonos Voice Control, to perform its basic functions in a secure way and you will not be able to opt out from this data collection, sharing and/or processing if you want to continue to use your Sonos Products and Services. Depending on your settings we may collect:Registration data. This data includes your email address, location, language preference, Product serial number, IP address, and Sonos account login information (as described above).System data. This data includes things like Product type, controller device type, controller operating system, software version, content source (audio line in), signal input (e.g. whether your TV outputs a specific audio signal such as Dolby to your Sonos system), information about WiFi antennas, system settings (such as equalization or stereo pair), Product orientation, names of the music service(s) you added/enabled on your Sonos product, the names you have given your Sonos Product in different rooms, whether your Product has been tuned using Sonos Trueplay technology, system performance metrics (e.g. the temperature of your Product or WiFi signal strength) and error information.Why we collect Functional Data: We collect this information to help ensure that your Sonos Products are working properly, to provide you with customer support and to honor your audio preferences which is necessary for the performance of the cotract we have with you. We also collect this information to guide product improvement and customer support decisions which is our legitimate interest.Additional Usage Data. In order to improve your experience with Sonos Products and to offer better, personalized Sonos Products and Services, including Sonos Radio and Sonos Voice Control, that meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we collect the following Additional Usage Data. The processing of this information is in our legitimate interest as further set out below (under Why). You can opt out of sharing this data by following the steps listed here. Depending on your settings and/or the feature(s) which you enabled, we may collect:Performance Information. This includes things like the temperature of your Product, WiFi information like signal strength, how often you use music services you have connected to your Sonos system (including, for some services, your login username, but not password); the controller configuration data such as (1) app preferences which capture the state of different settings inside the Sonos app, information about how often you use the Sonos app versus other control mechanisms, flow of interactions within the Sonos app, and (2) controller device settings which capture the state of device-level (e.g. iOS, Android) settings that affect our app (e.g. the state of the system-level permission for Bluetooth, location, etc.); how often you use the physical controls on the unit; duration of Sonos Product use, and, as required for certain Services location-based data using GPS (or similar technology, where available) and crowdsourced Wi-Fi access points and cell tower locations collected from your third party device when the Sonos app is in use.Activity Information. This includes duration of music service use, Product or room grouping information, command information (such as play, pause, change volume, or skip tracks), information about playlist or station container data including listening history (‘Recently Played’); and Sonos playlist or Sonos favorites information; each correlated to individual Sonos Products and your interactions with them. If you enable voice control or use Sonos Radio, we will additionally collect information about track data when using those features.Why: We collect this information so that we can help ensure Sonos Products are functioning properly, provide a personalized experience for our customers, determine what types of Product or feature improvements would please our customers most and to help predict potential problems with Sonos Products. Additionally, to provide Sonos Radio, we collect location-based information for licensing and reporting purposes. Collecting this data is our legitimate interest to support a user-friendly experience that meets your needs and help you with issues you may experience. It is your choice if you want us to collect this information, and therefore you can opt out of sharing this data by following the steps listed here.Note: personalization services (e.g. Recently Played), Sonos Radio, Sonos Voice Control, third party Voice Control and Direct Control functionality require some of the Additional Usage Data to function. If you decide to use any of these features and/or Services, the Additional Usage Data becomes functional and you will not be able to opt out of it if you choose to use these features. You can always clear all Recently Played by following the instructions in the Sonos app.Direct Control via Third Party App(s) and/or Third Party Voice Functionality Data. As the world and our homes become more connected, we realize that our customers may prefer to control their Sonos Products by means other than their Sonos app, for example by using a voice-enabled product (such as Amazon Alexa), through a home control mechanism (for example, a Lutron Pico remote), or through the app offered by their favorite music service.To enable these functions, if available to you, you will be prompted to allow such devices to connect with your Sonos system (similar to the process you go through to connect a music service). Once a particular function is enabled, we collect and process the Functional Data, the Additional Usage Data and certain Audio Data. Sonos will share a subset of this data with the partner/s that provide/s the services you have requested.Sharing your relevant data with these partners and further processing such data is necessary for the performance of the contracts with these partners for your benefit, in order to ensure that the voice or direct control function is working properly. This information is needed to fulfill the agreement we have with you, to ensure proper functionality and to help improve these features which is also our legitimate interest.If you wish to object to any such processing, simply disable the feature (for example, disable voice control) or unlink the feature (for example, unlink your home automation remote) from your Sonos Products. The voice control function or other direct control functionality will not work unless you authorize us to collect and process the data as outlined in this section.Audio Data. There are only two occasions when we will capture sound from within your home: (a) when you enable voice control technology on a voice-enabled Sonos Product (such as Sonos One or Beam); and (b) when you utilize our innovative Trueplay room tuning technology.Sonos Voice Control and Third Party Voice ControlPlease note, not all Sonos Products are voice enabled. If your Sonos Product is voice enabled, you will have to actively enable voice control for your Sonos Product for it to function. Voice control works by your voice-enabled Sonos Product 'listening' for a key wake-up word. In greater depth, this means that the voice-enabled Sonos Product continuously buffers (stores data for the time that it is being processed) locally, without transmitting or storing any information, unless it detects the word or phrase (such as “Hey Sonos” or “Alexa”) that triggers the device to begin actively recording. If the Product does not detect the wake-up word, it continues to record over itself in a never-ending loop lasting a few seconds. This is all done locally on your Sonos Product and is not sent to Sonos or any third party. If a wake-up word is detected, the Sonos Product begins recording. In other words, it does not record or retain any audio data, or begin to transmit any data until it is 'woken up.' You are notified that it is recording by a visual element, such as a light on the Sonos Product, and/or a specific sound.If the detected wake-up word is “Hey Sonos”, your voice command is processed locally on your product and no audio data will be saved. Sonos does not retain a copy or transcript of your voice recording.If the wake word is the one of a Third Party Voice service you have activated, the actual recording of your voice command is then sent to the voice partner you have authorized to receive such recording (for example, Amazon). Sonos does not retain a copy or transcript of your voice recording. Use of any Third Party Voice service is subject to the third-party’s terms of use or service and their respective privacy notices. We encourage you to read these third-party terms carefully before you enable them on your Sonos Products.Concurrent with the voice recording, Sonos Product will collect data (for example, decibel level at each frequency) about the ambient noise in the room. It is not possible to extract any speech from this type of data. We collect this data to help us improve our speech recognition technology which is our legitimate interest. If you are trying to state a voice command while music is playing, for example, Sonos may improve the technology by lowering the music so that your voice command can be understood properly.Trueplay room tuningTrueplay analyzes acoustic factors that can impact sound quality in the room where your Sonos Product is placed. You will have to actively enable Trueplay. The purpose of the Trueplay analysis is to alter the audio output of Sonos Products in a manner that enhances the sound. To do this, a user goes through an interactive process (watch the video here) that gathers certain data about your speaker setup (for example, the number of speakers and speaker placement), including information about background noise levels and the room acoustics (for example decibel level at each frequency). This information is used to help make sure that the tuning gives you the best outcome possible. For example, if your dog barks during the Trueplay testing, the Sonos Product knows to ignore the background noise of a barking dog during the testing. The collection of this data is necessary for the fulfillment of the agreement we have with you if you activate Trueplay.Auto Trueplay. Once enabled, some of the Products can automatically adjust their sound for your environment with Auto Trueplay (“Auto Trueplay”). Auto Trueplay starts tuning as soon as you begin playing audio. It automatically re-tunes as you play content and bring your Auto Trueplay enabled Product to different locations.Location Information. Your general geographic location as indicated by your IP address, your country and/or postcode when you register your Products to make sure that we enable you to select the right music service options based on your geographic location (e.g. radio stations available in your country, language). Learn more about location data used to enable Sonos Radio here.Other Information you provide to us. Details such as the content of your communications with Sonos, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels.You are not required to provide all personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our Products or Services or respond to requests you may have.
Getting Help from Sonos
From time to time, you may decide to contact our Customer Care group for assistance with your Sonos Products and/or Services. To be able to offer you the best service possible, we may collect certain data from you or your Sonos Products.We collect: This may include contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, social media identifiers (if you contact us using a social media channel), and the content of your chats and other communications with Sonos Customer Care (including, in some cases, voice recording if you call Customer Care). In certain situations, it is useful for the Customer Care team to have a 'Diagnostic' of your Sonos system. This is essentially a technical system snapshot of all relevant information leading up to the incident and includes information such as the music service being used, volume level, Product configuration, WiFi signal and router information, error codes, device information (e.g. the operating system, and version of the Sonos app being used). Collecting the above described information is necessary to provide customer support. You will be informed in advance before we make a snapshot. We do not capture snapshots without telling you first. If you are a Beta tester, we take a daily diagnostic of your Sonos system automatically (per the terms of the Beta tester agreement).Why: We collect this information to give you the best and most efficient customer support possible. For instance, for customer inquiries and technical questions, we use the contact information to respond to the customer in their preferred channel (phone, email, social). For technical problems, we use system diagnostic data to effectively troubleshoot the issue. For product returns and/or exchanges, we use the contact information to ensure successful product receipt and/or delivery. Using these types of your data is necessary to fulfill the agreement we have with you.
Return to top
How We Use Personal Information
Sonos uses your personal information we collect to provide you with the Sonos Products and Services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalize your experiences. We also use your personal information to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new Sonos Products or Services available, security and other types of updates. Additionally, as described below, we may use other data related to your interactions with Sonos Products and Services in order to provide certain Sonos Services and for advertising purposes.Sonos uses the data for the following purposes:
Purchase and Delivery of Sonos Products and Services
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver Products and Services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, Products and Services, and promotional offers. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Product Experience, Recommendations and Personalization
We use data to provide, operate, support and improve the Sonos Products and Services we offer to ensure our customers can listen as effortlessly as possible. We use your personal information to recommend features, Products, and Services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Sonos Products and Services. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement we have with you as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Customer Support
We use data to respond to customer inquiries, diagnose Product problems, repair customers' Sonos Products and provide other customer care and support services. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement we have with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Product Improvement
We continually use data for research purposes and to develop and improve our Sonos Products and Services, including maintaining and improving the performance of our Sonos Products and Services, developing and adding new features or capabilities, such as using error reports to improve security features, using search queries and clicks to improve the relevance of search results and using usage data to determine what new features to prioritize. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of Sonos Products and Services. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Provide Sonos Voice Control Services
When you use Sonos Voice Control via our Sonos Voice Control enabled Products, we collect and process certain:audio data (e.g. ongoing/continuous processing of audio data when speaker is in the ‘listening mode’, but only when the microphones are enabled); all audio data is processed locally on your SVC enabled Product; audio data is not sent to the cloud and never leaves your SVC enabled Product;in-app activity information (e.g. product or room names, listened, saved and/or liked tracks/songs, artists, albums, playlists); some of this data will be processed in the cloud;usage data (e.g. registration data such as IP address or language preference, system data such as device bonding settings, grouping, names of music services, product types, room names as well as voice control usage data which means details of what was understood for each sessions such as ‘play music’, ‘volume up/down’; Sonos does not create, process or store transcripts of any audio recordings; transcripts never leave you SVC enabled Product).We collect and process this information in order to deliver SVC functionality, respond to your requests and to personalise the speech recognition vocabulary on your SVC enabled Products (and only yours). This processing is necessary to deliver SVC functionality and for the performance of our contract with you. For more information on this, please visit The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information.
Provide Third Party Voice Services
When you use a third-party voice service via our Products, we process your voice input and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve Sonos Products and Services. As part of the provision of the Sonos Radio service and to provide you with tailored content we will, through our agreements with these third party voice services, receive voice control information related to your listening preferences, such as stations you request and tracks that you played and/or skip. Please note that your use of third-party voice services is subject to these third-party terms of use or service and their respective privacy notices. We encourage you to read these third-party terms carefully before you enable them on your Sonos Products. Our processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Provide Sonos Radio Service
When you use Sonos Radio service, we collect and process certain Functional and Additional Usage Data (e.g. your IP address, language selection, your Sonos ID, radio stations browsing history, your search terms for stations, playback actions, system, third party device ID and type, and content events such as individual radio stations and/or tracks) and other listening activity (e.g. listening session length, stations listened to, and tracks listened to and skipped) within the Sonos Radio. We collect and process this information in order to provide you with a customized experience, respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, to determine relevant licensing, to serve marketing communications and to improve Sonos Products and Services. Additionally, your IP address and any anonymized ID will be provided to third party radio content providers to provide you with access to radio stations. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest. For more information on this, please visit The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information.Some features or services of Sonos Radio may rely on third-party based location information using GPS (or similar technology, where available) and crowdsourced Wi-Fi access points and cell tower locations. To provide such features or services, where available, Sonos and its partners must collect, use, transmit, process and maintain your location data, including but not limited to the geographic location of your third party device and information related to, your Sonos app, your Sonos account and any Sonos Product(s) registered thereunder, including but not limited to your Sonos ID, third party device ID and device name, and third party device type. You may withdraw consent to Sonos and its partners’ collection, use, transmission, processing and maintenance of location and account data at any time by not using the location-based features and turning off your location services in settings (as applicable) on your third party device.
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of our customers, Sonos Products and Services, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We may use third parties to assess and manage credit risks. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Business Operations
We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing, and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication (including but not limited to text messages, through the Sonos app and Sonos Products via voice enabled technologies) to inform you about new Sonos Products or Services, new music services available in your area and security or software updates, to update you on a support issue or to invite you to take part in a survey.If you elect to receive marketing, promotional and support text messages from us, either via our website, app or by sending a text message indicating your consent, you are providing your express written consent to receives recurring marketing, promotional and support text messages from us (each a “Text Message”) sent through an automatic telephone dialling system. When you sign up to receive Text Messages, we will send you information about promotional offers and more. These messages may use information automatically collected based on your actions on our site and may prompt messaging such as cart abandonment messages.If you choose to use Sonos Radio, we may use information such as your interactions with Sonos site, Sonos Radio content, Sonos Products, Sonos app and other Services to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. For more information on this, please visit The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information.We also use cookies and similar technologies
to provide the most relevant Sonos advertising to you. For information about managing email and text messaging subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit Your Rights and Choices.
Purposes for which we seek your consent
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your personal information for that purpose.
Return to top
How We May Share Personal Information
Sonos does not and will not sell personal information about our customers. However, certain data practices described throughout this Privacy Statement may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of data under California and/or other US state laws. See the below CA Addendum for more information applicable to CA residents. We want you to understand that information about our customers is an important part of our business. We only disclose your data as described in this Statement. We may share information with the following types of third parties.
Third Party Vendors
Sonos uses a variety of third-party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, cloud-related services, online Product purchases and shipping (including fulfilling orders for Products or Services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email), credit cards and other alternative payment processing, email communications, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, transmitting content, if applicable scoring credit risk, and providing customer service. We only share your personal information as necessary, such as to complete a transaction or to provide a Product or Service you have requested or authorized and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf and under the instructions of Sonos and in accordance with this Statement. It is our legitimate interest to share information with these parties for these purposes. For questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to privacy@sonos.com.
Transactions involving Third Parties
Sonos makes available to you services, features and/or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Sonos Products. We also offer services and/or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded IKEA products. Depending on your use of the third-party products, features, skills and/or services, we may share certain personal information we have about you with these third parties to enable the functionality and/or provide customer support. Please note that functionally of these third-party products, features, skills and/or services is subject to these third-party terms of use or service and their respective privacy notices. We encourage you to read these third-party terms carefully before you enable them on your Sonos Products.Music Services and Other Audio Content PartnersTo ensure the best customer experience and that music and/or other audio content services (e.g. radio and audio books) function properly, Sonos may share relevant Product Activity Information and your instructions with music and/or other audio content services that you have authorized to interact with your Sonos Products. For instance, if you use a music service and/or other audio content service on your Sonos Products or to control your Sonos Products, we will have to share certain information with that music service and/or other audio content service to enable you to do this. Sharing data with music service and/or other audio content services, as instructed by you, is necessary to fulfill the agreement we have with you.Control PartnersOnce you have enabled direct control of your Sonos system, we may share relevant Product Activity Information with control partners that you have authorized to interact with your Sonos Products. Sharing data with control partners as instructed by you is necessary to fulfill the agreement we have with you.Voice PartnersOnce you have activated a third party voice service, we may share relevant Product Activity Information and Audio Data with voice control partners that you have authorized to receive such data, in order to control your Sonos system. Sharing data with voice partners as instructed by you is necessary to fulfill the agreement we have with you.
Advertising Partners
If you decide to use Sonos Radio, we will share a subset of your information with third party advertising companies to present, via Sonos Products, interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. Specifically, we share the following information with our advertising partners: location, language, and genre of the station you are currently listening to (which is not based on your overall listening history). We will share information with advertisers, which describes the overall listening audience in general. We may also share limited location information and identifiers (i.e. an IP address) with some of our third party radio content partners who may run ads on their stations.
Sonos-controlled Affiliates and Subsidiaries
We share information with Sonos-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes such as internal administration, promoting Sonos Products and providing customers with our Sonos Products and Services. It is our legitimate interest to share information with these parties for these purposes.
Compelled Disclosure and Law Enforcement
When legally required, strictly necessary for the performance of the services or to protect our rights, or the rights of our affiliates or users, we disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, investigative organizations, our affiliates or in legal proceedings. We will share your personal information when we in good faith believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to comply with a legal obligation under applicable law or respond to a valid legal process (e.g. a search warrant, a court order, or a subpoena).
Sale or Merger
We may share your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets. Of course, we shall notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website and inform you of your rights.
Sharing and Disclosure of Aggregate Data
We share data in aggregate form and/or in a form which does not enable the recipient of such data to identify you, with third parties, for example, for industry analysis.Please note, our Sonos Products include links to products or applications of third parties whose privacy practices may differ from Sonos. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties or their products, your data is governed by their privacy statements, and we encourage you to read these privacy statements carefully.When sharing data with third parties, your personal information may be transferred to countries where data protection laws may provide a lower standard of protection for your personal information than your country. We take great care in protecting your personal information and have put in place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred internationally. We will transfer your personal information in compliance with applicable data protection laws and will implement suitable safeguards to ensure that your personal information is adequately secured by any third party that will access your information (for instance, by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission). If you have questions or wish to obtain more information about the international transfer of your personal information or the implemented safeguards, please send us an email to privacy@sonos.com.
Return to top
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a Contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform an agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your purchase of your Sonos Product, to register and maintain your account, to help with delivery issues, to handle returns, to register your Sonos system, to provide you with Sonos Radio and to make sure that your Sonos Product performs its basic functions in a secure way or to respond to your requests.
Consent
Where legally required, we may rely on your consent to use your personal information. When this is the case, we provide you with more specific information when we actually request your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending us an email to privacy@sonos.com. Your withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before your withdrawal.
Compliance with Legal Obligation
We may use your relevant personal information to ensure compliance with applicable laws, for example to comply with lawful requests from law enforcement, and for regulatory investigations and compliance.
Legitimate Interests
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve our Sonos Products and Services, including Sonos Radio, and the content on our websites and app, to send you notifications about software updates or information about Sonos Products and Services, and to use your relevant personal data for administrative purposes and for fraud detection and prevention. Furthermore, except where consent is required under applicable local law, we rely on our legitimate interest to send you relevant marketing communications.When using personal data to serve our legitimate interests, we will always balance your rights and interests in the protection of your personal data against our rights and interests.Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you (e.g. in your Sonos Product settings), you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to privacy@sonos.com.
Return to top
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Security
Sonos is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. However, while we take reasonable precautions to guard the personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable.We use a variety of appropriate technical and organizational measures and industry standards to protect your personal information and help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Additionally, we ensure that our third-party data center vendors provide adequate security measures. Additionally, your data is protected with encryption, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), during transmission over the Internet. Moreover, your password is stored using a one-way hash, which means that it cannot be recovered (or disclosed) by anyone, including Sonos (it can only be reset).You can only access your Sonos account information and our service through the use of an individual user login and password. To protect the confidentiality of your personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Please alert us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. Additionally, always log out and close your browser when you finish your session. Please note, we will never ask you to disclose your password.If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@sonos.com.
Storage
Personal data collected by Sonos may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States (for instance in our major data centers), or in any other country where Sonos or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers are located or maintain facilities. Sonos has put in place adequate mechanisms to protect personal information when it is transferred internationally, for example by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Retention
Sonos will retain your personal information:for as long as we have a customer relationship with you and/or as necessary to enable you to use the website, your Sonos account and/or your Sonos Product(s);for the period required to provide services that you request from us;for the period required to provide marketing or other promotional materials that you request from us;to comply with our legal obligations, including requirements of regulators and governmental agencies that have authority over us such as tax and/or accounting obligations, which usually require retaining certain transaction data for periods between 7 and 10 years after a transaction has occurred;for the period required to resolve disputes with any parties and/or to investigate or defend against potential legal claims; andotherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.All personal information we retain will be subject to this Privacy Statement and our internal retention guidelines. Sonos will delete your personal data when it is no longer required for the above-mentioned purposes. If there is any personal data that, for technical reasons, we are unable to delete entirely from our systems, Sonos will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of such data. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal information we process about you, please send an email to privacy@sonos.com.
Return to top
Your Rights and Choices
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us.Laws in certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, as well as California and Virginia, also grant consumers the right to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Subject to local law, you may request we:provide access to or a copy of the personal information we hold about you;correct any of the personal information, we hold about you that is out of date or incorrect;in certain situations, erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal information; andin certain situations, send the personal information you have given us to a third party (where technically feasible) or otherwise receive your information in a usable electronic format that can be transmitted to a third party.Residents of certain jurisdictions, like California and Virginia, also have the right to opt out of “sales” of their information and “sharing/processing of their information for targeted advertising.” If you would like to opt out of our online disclosure such as through cookie and pixel technology of your personal information for purposes that could be considered “sales” for those third parties' own commercial purposes, or “sharing” for purposes of targeted advertising, please see Your Privacy Choices.For additional information about rights for California residents, please see “California Privacy Notice at Collection” below.Where we are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information.We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and current. Please do inform us promptly of any changes to or inaccuracies of your personal information by contacting privacy@sonos.com. Please contact us at this email address if you want to submit any data related questions. We will respond to your request as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days.For more information about how you can control the collection and use of Additional Usage Data and your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences, please visit Your Choices sections below.We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your personal information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority or bring a civil action against us in accordance with the applicable laws. Depending on your jurisdiction (e.g., Virginia), you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request, if applicable. If we deny your request, we will provide you with information on how to appeal the decision, if applicable, in our communications with you. To exercise such an appeal right, please send an email to privacy@sonos.com. If you submit a request which cannot be fully or partially fulfilled for legal or technical reasons, an explanation for this limitation will be provided.
Your Choices
Sonos Account and Sonos AppIf you wish to access, edit or remove profile information, change your password, close your account or request deletion of your personal data, you can do it by logging in to your Sonos account or Sonos app or sending an email to privacy@sonos.com. If you cannot access certain personal information collected by Sonos via the Sonos account, the Sonos app or directly via the Sonos Product that you use, you can always contact us by sending an email to privacy@sonos.com. We will respond to any request to access or delete your personal data as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days.Additional Usage DataIf you do not use any, first (e.g. Sonos Radio, SVC) and/or third party (e.g. Direct Control, Third party Voice Control), features and/or services for which the Additional Usage Data is required to enable its respective functionality, you can always opt out of Additional Usage Data collection by logging in to your Sonos app for iOS or Android. Do it in just a couple of clicks. To opt out please follow the instructions below.Using the Sonos app for iOS or Android:Select “Settings” tabOpen “Data & Privacy” and look for Additional Usage Data optionIn IOS app, disable/slide off the “Turn usage sharing on”. In Android, untick the box that reads “Turn usage data sharing on”Using the Sonos app for Mac:From the menu bar at the top of your screen click “Sonos” then “Preferences”On the left side of the window, click “Additional Usage Data”Untick the box that reads “Turn usage data sharing on”Using the Sonos app for PC:From the menu bar at the top of application window click “Manage” then “Settings”On the left side of the window, click “Additional Usage Data”Untick the box that reads “Turn usage data sharing on”You may change your preferences at any time following the same steps.Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising PreferencesYou can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from Sonos by following the instructions included in every email sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” tab. You can also opt out of email subscriptions or in-app messaging by updating your Profile and Contact Options in your Sonos account. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe or change your communication settings.Please note, regardless of your communication settings, we will continue to communicate with you regarding changes to terms and conditions, policy updates, Sonos Product software updates, routine customer service messages such as information about current or past purchase, delivery of products, service interruptions, data breaches or other significant information about a Product you own such as discontinuation of support or safety issues.You can adjust the amount of interest based advertising you may receive by changing your cookie settings, changing your device settings, and/or opting out of certain advertising networks. If you have opted out of receiving emails from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising activities. For more information about our use of interest-based advertising, please visit Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies.
Advertising and Modern Marketing Tools
To help more people listen to more music on Sonos, we use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts.Sonos may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Sonos Products and Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this 'interest-based advertising', the parties combine information about your online activities acquired over time, which help cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a Sonos advertisement on a Facebook page, or a Google-owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google’s advertising network. We may obtain your consent to this process depending on local law. At all times, you can opt out of these personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you. Users that enjoy rights under EU data protection laws can visit www.youronlinechoices.com to learn how to opt out of having their data used for interest-based advertising by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) member companies. Canadian users can visit www.youradchoices.ca.If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.
Return to top
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalize our websites for you, remember your preferences, understand how users are using our websites or app, and help customize our marketing offerings.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Sonos uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the following types of cookies on our website.Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate.Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make and personalize your experience. We may store your geographic location in a cookie, for instance, to ensure that we show you the websites relevant to your area.Third Party cookies. Third-party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than Sonos. These cookies may be used on our websites to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to their respective privacy policies for these external services, for example, Facebook Data Use Policy.Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our websites, what pages they find most useful and how they arrived at sonos.com. To learn more about Google Analytics and your data, visit this Google webpage.More information about cookies we use on our website is included here.
How to Control Cookie Settings
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may impact your overall user experience. Some browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal whereby you may indicate your preference regarding tracking and cross-site tracking. Although we do not currently employ technology that recognizes DNT signals, we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Statement. Below you can learn about how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:Google ChromeInternet ExplorerSafariFirefox
Pixels
In addition to cookies, we sometimes use small graphic images known as 'pixels' (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We use pixels in our email communications to you (if you have selected to receive such communications) to help us to understand whether our email communication has been viewed. We also use third-party pixels (such as those from Google, Facebook, and other advertising networks) to help us provide advertising that is relevant to your interests. Learn more about our advertising and marketing activities below.
Other Identifiers
When you use our app, we collect a unique ad-tracking identifier from your device (the Advertising Identifier or “IDFA” on iOS devices and the Google Ad ID or “AID” on Android devices) so that we can learn more about users of our app and provide the most relevant messaging and marketing. Although these identifiers are unique to your device, they do not contain any of your personal information such as name or email address.How to Control Identifier SettingsYou can control how these identifiers are used, including the ability to reset them, through your device settings. Below you can learn about how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:Apple iOSAndroid
Return to top
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send an email to privacy@sonos.com. California residents can also reach us toll free at 1-800-680-2345.Unless otherwise stated, Sonos, Inc. is a data controller for personal data we collect through the Sonos Products and Services subject to this Privacy Statement. Our address is 614 Chapala Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, USA.Sonos Europe B.V. is our data protection representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland. The data protection officer of Sonos Europe B.V. can be contacted at the following address: Groest 106, 1211 EE Hilversum, The Netherlands or via email at privacy@sonos.com.
Return to top
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Sonos may modify or update this Statement when necessary to reflect customer feedback and changes in our Sonos Products and Service. Please review it regularly. When we update this Statement, we will revise the 'Last Updated' date at the top of the Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Sonos uses your personal data, we will notify you either by posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to regularly review this Statement to learn more about how Sonos is using and protecting your information.
Return to top
California Residents Addendum
This section supplements our Statement with additional information for California residents about our information collection and use practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”). In this section, the terms “personal information” and “sensitive personal information” have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
California Privacy Notice at Collection
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of California Personal InformationThe following chart provides information about our practices in the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this privacy notice in relation to the categories of personal information that we generally collected from California residents, including categories of sensitive personal information; the purposes for which we use the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes:Categories of Information Collected (see “The Types of Personal Information We Collect” and “Customer Interactions with Sonos” sections above for more information)Purposes of Use (see “How We Use Personal Information” section above for more information)Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Disclose the Information for Business and Operational Purposes (See “How We May Share Personal Information” section above for more information)Identifierssuch as name, address, phone number and email address; and information about your browser or device such as your IP address and third party device IDsProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations , personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesAccount login informationsuch as email address and password which is stored using one-way hash (it cannot be recovered or disclosed by anyone, including Sonos.Provide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos Products and ServicesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionProviders of technical servicesCustomer service Informationsuch as questions and other messages you address to us directly through in-person or online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post; and summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with customer careProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providers, such as technical service providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesFinancial informationsuch as credit card information stored by our payment processors on our behalfProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportCommunicate with youSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentThird party payment processorsEntities for legal and security purposesCommercial informationsuch as information about your transactions with us and related to your attendance at events or programsProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of SonosProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesUser-generated contentsuch as any user-generated content you voluntarily decide to provide through the Services, including the Sonos Community forums, or other information you provide in connection with an order or your accountProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesSurvey, research, feedback, or sweepstakes informationsuch as information you provide in response to a survey or sweepstakes on in relation to the ServicesProvide the ServicesCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesAudio or visual informationsuch as sound when you enable voice control technology on a voice-enabled Sonos Product, audio recordings if you call our customer service, participate in a recorded survey or research event, or CCTV recordings if you visit one of our physical locations or attend an event or programProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportIf participating in research or surveys, understand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consent, including third party voice assistant partners (e.g., Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant) you connect with your Sonos Product(s)Entities for legal and security purposesInformation about otherssuch as if you submit information about others, for instance in relation to an order or a referral programProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providers, such as technical service providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesInternet network and device activity datasuch as browsing information and usage informationProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providers, such as technical service providersAdvertisers and advertising networksData analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesInferences drawn from any of the above informationProvide the ServicesPurchase and delivery of Sonos ProductsCustomer supportProvide recommendations, personalize your experience, and customize the ServicesUnderstand your interests and engage in research, analysis, and reports, including for product improvementOur marketing and advertising purposesSecurity, safety, fraud, and legal compliance, including dispute resolutionOther purposes for which we seek your consentSubsidiaries and affiliatesService providers, such as technical service providersAdvertisers and advertising networks,Data analytics providersEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOther individuals, services, and partners with your consentEntities for legal and security purposesOther informationAny other information that you choose to provide us directly in the course of using the ServicesPurposes of use will depend on the additional information you provideDisclosure will depend on the additional information you provideWe do not use or disclose sensitive personal information covered by this notice as defined in the CCPA for purposes other than those specified above to perform the Services or provide goods reasonably expected by you.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
During the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Statement, we may have provided personal information (i.e., hashed email address and cookie related information) to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so that we can provide you with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Products and Services, or use analytics partners to assist us in analyzing use of our services and our user/customer base. The disclosure of your personal information to these third parties to assist us in providing these services may be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA, or the “sharing” of your personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.”The following chart lists the categories of personal information we have sold or shared over the last 12 months and the categories of third parties to which we have sold or shared:Categories of InformationCategories of Third Parties to Whom We Have “Sold” This InformationCategories of Third Parties to Whom We Have “Shared” This InformationInformation about your computer or device, including IP address, time and date of visit, browser type and version, operating system, device make and model.Advertising partners and advertisersUnaffiliated third parties for their advertising purposesAnalytics providersAdvertising partners and advertisersContact information, such as hashed email address.Advertising partners and advertisersUnaffiliated third parties for their advertising purposesAnalytics providersAdvertising partners and advertisersIP address, zip code, Sonos device type (e.g. Beam, One, Arc, etc.), genre of the station you are currently listening to, listener ID, languageAdvertising partners and advertisersUnaffiliated third parties for their advertising purposesAnalytics providersAdvertising partners and advertisers
Your CCPA Right to Opt Out of “Sale” or “Sharing” of Personal Information
Californians have a right to direct us not to “sell” or “share” certain personal information as those terms are defined in the CCPA. You can exercise that right by following the steps on our Your Privacy Choices page.Your browser may also offer a way to activate the Global Privacy Control signal (“GPC”). Our websites each treat qualifying browsers for which the user has activated the GPC signal as having opted out of what CCPA calls a “sale” of any California personal information that is collected on that site from that browser using cookies and similar technology. You can override that treatment for a GPC-enabled browser by using the cookie controls available from the website’s footer.Opting out of “sales” and “sharing” limits only some types of disclosures of personal information, and there are exceptions to all of the rights described in this section.Please note that we do not “sell” or “share” personal information (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) if we have actual knowledge that the consumer is less than 16 years of age.RetentionWe retain your information only for as long as is necessary to provide the Services and to fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other necessary purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes (including complying with legal requirement to maintain records of deletion requests). If you opt out of email marketing, we maintain your email on our suppression list for an extended time to comply with your request. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. We may retain cached or archived copies of your information.Your CCPA Information, Correction, Deletion, and Other RightsThe CCPA allows you to request us to:Inform you about the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed certain personal information, and more specific detail about what categories of information were “sold,” “shared” or disclosed to particular categories of third parties, similar to the detail above this section of the Privacy Statement;Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you;Correct certain personal information we have about you; andDelete certain personal information we have about you.If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may submit your request via email to privacy@sonos.com and through our toll free number at 1-800-680-2345.Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information to provide our services to you, so we may reject a deletion request for that information while providing services to you.Verification of Requests to Exercise CCPA RightsWe may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to your request, which may include, depending on the sensitivity of the information involved, the nature of our relationship with you, and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, email address, and other information regarding your use of our services.Requests Made by AgentsYou can designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf. To do so, we must receive a legally sufficient power of attorney signed by you pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, or other written authorization acceptable to us, for the agent to act on your behalf. You may still need to verify your identity and confirm the agent’s authority directly with us if we are not convinced of the validity of the agent’s request. For security and legal reasons, we may refuse to accept requests that require us to visit an agent’s website. Because opt-out requests for sales made through cookies and related technology must be performed from each browser that is used to access our services, it is easiest for the consumer to perform such opt-outs themselves. However, if you wish for an agent to perform browser-based requests on your behalf, you may arrange for the agent to your consumer’s browser to make such requests, but you may not share your login credentials or logged-in access to our websites with an agent or any other third party. We are not responsible for the security risks of giving an agent browser access or any other arrangements that you may have with an agent.NondiscriminationYou also have a right not to receive “discriminatory treatment” (within the meaning of the CCPA) for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVESWe may offer incentives, such as a coupon or discount on purchase in exchange for personal information (e.g., email sign-up). We may also offer a loyalty program that will provide certain perks, such as rewards and exclusive offers, as well as other programs like sweepstakes or contests. We generally do not assign monetary or other value to personal information. If, however, we are required by law to assign such value, we have valued the personal information collected and used based in part on the value of consumer trial of new products and sharing future offers tailored to your interest with competitive value. The value is a practical and good-faith effort often involving the (i) categories of personal information collected (e.g., names, email addresses), (ii) the transferability of such personal information for us, (iii) the discounted price offered, (iv) the volume of consumers enrolled in our programs, and (v) the product or service to which the programs, or price or service differences, applies. The disclosure of the value described herein is not intended to waive, nor should be interpreted as a waiver to, our proprietary or business confidential information, including trade secrets, and does not constitute any representation with regard to generally accepted accounting principles or financial accounting standards.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Our Company
News
Blog
Careers
Responsibility
Innovation
Manage Your Account
Order Status
Shipping and Delivery
Returns
Find a Store
Investors
Business Solutions
Works with Sonos
Developer Portal
Contact Us
Corporate Sales
Sonos Trades
Frontline Workers
Sonos App
Sonos Voice Control
Students
Upgrade
United States
© 2023 Sonos, Inc.
Legal
Privacy statement
Accessibility
Conformity
Site map
Security
Cookie settings
Argentina
Australia
België
―
Belgique
Canada (English)
―
Canada (Français)
Chile
中国
Colombia
Danmark
Deutschland
España
France
India
Ireland
Italia
日本
México
Nederland
New Zealand
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Schweiz
―
Svizzera
―
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige
United Kingdom
United States
―
Estados Unidos
Other countries (English)