Skip to content
VBooster
Privacy Policy
VBooster
Main Menu
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWELLY GLOBAL PUBLISHING “VBooster”Effective date: April 25, 2023PLEASE READ THESE SERVICE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE ‘AGREEMENT’) IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE USING OR RECEIVING ANY SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW).Welly Global Publishing built the VBooster app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Welly Global Publishing at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at VBooster unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement or cannot make any of the foregoing representations, you are not permitted to use or receive any services from the company.1. Permissions RequestsYou can check if such permissions are allowed or not for our product and service, which can be done by checking “Settings – Apps” and / or “Settings – Permissions” in your device, and thereby decide whether each permission will continue to be allowed or will be denied. Below are the permissions that the application needs to grant: PermissionPurposeBluetoothGet the device name connected via BluetoothThe specific way to review the status of such permissions and deny them may vary in different devices, and please refer to the notes or instructions provided by relevant device OEMs and OS developers. In case that you’re unable to carry out relevant steps and adjust the settings in your currently-used product or device, please contact us or the OEM of your device. Please note that allowing these permissions will be deemed as your consent to allow us collect and use relevant information to realize relevant functions; when you deny or disable the permissions in whole or in part, it means you have refused to provide related information to us, therefore also making us unable to provide you those functions relevant to such permissions.2. Information Collection and UseGenerally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers’ visits to our application, we even don’t have a Server to store such PII.The app may use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers that might use the app:     + Google Play Services. https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy/     + Google AdMob. https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.     + Google Admob Data Disclosure is available at:  https://developers.google.com/admob/android/privacy/         play-datadisclosure#data_collected_and_shared_automatically     + Firebase Analytics. https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/     + Facebook. Facebook’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update/printable        + Unity Ads. Unity’s privacy policy is available at: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.      + Unity Ads Data Disclosure is available at:   https://docs.unity.com/ads/en/manual/GoogleDataSafety#Google_Play        data_safety_section_for_Unity_Ads3. CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.4. Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:• To facilitate our Service;• To provide the Service on our behalf;• To perform Service-related services; or• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.5. SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.6. Children’s Privacy PolicyThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to take necessary actions.7. ChangesWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. 8. ContactIf you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via. [email protected]
Privacy PolicyWELLY GLOBAL PUBLISHING “VBooster”Effective date: April 25, 2023PLEASE READ THESE SERVICE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE ‘AGREEMENT’) IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE USING OR RECEIVING ANY SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW).Welly Global Publishing built the VBooster app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Welly Global Publishing at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at VBooster unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement or cannot make any of the foregoing representations, you are not permitted to use or receive any services from the company.1. Permissions RequestsYou can check if such permissions are allowed or not for our product and service, which can be done by checking “Settings – Apps” and / or “Settings – Permissions” in your device, and thereby decide whether each permission will continue to be allowed or will be denied. Below are the permissions that the application needs to grant: PermissionPurposeBluetoothGet the device name connected via BluetoothThe specific way to review the status of such permissions and deny them may vary in different devices, and please refer to the notes or instructions provided by relevant device OEMs and OS developers. In case that you’re unable to carry out relevant steps and adjust the settings in your currently-used product or device, please contact us or the OEM of your device. Please note that allowing these permissions will be deemed as your consent to allow us collect and use relevant information to realize relevant functions; when you deny or disable the permissions in whole or in part, it means you have refused to provide related information to us, therefore also making us unable to provide you those functions relevant to such permissions.2. Information Collection and UseGenerally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers’ visits to our application, we even don’t have a Server to store such PII.The app may use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers that might use the app:     + Google Play Services. https://play.google.com/       about/developer-content-policy/     + Google AdMob. https://www.google.com/       intl/en/policies/privacy.     + Google Admob Data Disclosure is available at:            https://developers.google.com/admob/        android/privacy/play-datadisclosure#        data_collected_and_shared_automatically     + Firebase Analytics.                                                              https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/     + Facebook. Facebook’s privacy policy is                        available at: https://www.facebook.com/about/         privacy/update/printable      + Unity Ads. Unity’s privacy policy is available at:            https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.       + Unity Ads Data Disclosure is available at:           https://docs.unity.com/ads/en/manual/         GoogleDataSafety#Google_Playdata_safety_          section_for_Unity_Ads3. CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.4. Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:• To facilitate our Service;• To provide the Service on our behalf;• To perform Service-related services; or• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.5. SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.6. Children’s Privacy PolicyThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to take necessary actions.7. ChangesWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. 8. ContactIf you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via. [email protected]
Copyright 2023 © WELLY GLOBAL PUBLISHING
Scroll to Top