Dreame FM
About
Dreame FM Privacy Policy Published on: March 25th, 2022
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This
Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the our apps,
websites, and related services (collectively, “Dreame FM”
or “Services”), and explains how we collect, use,
disclose and keep information that can identify you (“Personal Information”) when you create an account and use the Services.
The Services are provided and controlled by Globook Pte. Ltd., a
company operating under the laws of Singapore, located at 9
Raffles Place #34-01, Republic Plaza, Singapore (048619)
(collectively, “Globook”, “we”, “us” , or
“our”). If you have any questions or concerns regarding
this Policy or the use of your Personal Information, You may
contact us via email at service@dreamefm.com.
Please note that this Policy only applies to data collected or
received by us through your use of Dreame FM. It does not apply
to, and we are not responsible for, the actions of third party
individuals or companies, the content of their sites, their use of
data you provide to them, or any products or services they may
offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship
of, endorsement of, or affiliation with, those people or
companies.
By creating an account with us, using the Services, or
submitting any Personal Information via the Services, you are
consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your
Personal Information as described below in this Privacy
Policy. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION IN THESE WAYS, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES.
This is important; we hope you will take time to read it
carefully.
1.Age Restrictions The Services is not intended for a user under age of 16. We do
not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from a
user under the age of 16, nor do we knowingly allow a user under
age of 16 to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do
not send any information about yourself to us, including your
name, address, telephone number, or email address.
If you are between the ages of 16 and the age of majority where
you reside (each a “Teen”), you must review the Policy
with your parent or legal guardian to confirm that you and your
parent or legal guardian understand and agree to the Policy. If
you or any parent or legal guardian permit a Teen to use the
Services, you hereby agree to the Policy on behalf of both
yourself and the Teen. You further agree that you are solely
responsible for any and all use of the Services by your Teen
regardless of whether such use was expressly authorized by
you. If a parent, guardian or anyone becomes aware that his or her
child has provided us with Personal Information without their
consent, or anyone believes that we have Personal Information
about or collected from a child, he or she should contact us
at service@dreamefm.com. If we discover that a user under 16 years of age has created an
account, or that a user or visitor under 16 years of age has
posted Personally Information or other content to the Services,
we will terminate the account and remove the information or
other content as soon as commercially practicable. 2.Personal Information Collected The Personal Information we collected depends on how you
interact with the Services. We collect information about you
from different sources and in various ways when you use our
products, including information you provide directly,
third-party data sources, information collected automatically,
and data we infer or generate from other data. More information
about the categories and sources of information is provided
below. Registration information
We will collect certain information from you during the
registration/ sign-up process for the Services. This may include
information like your username, nickname, email address,
password and profile photo. Social networks If you choose to register to use the Services with a social
networking credential, such as with a third-party account (e.g.
Facebook, Google, Apple), we will ask permission to access basic
information from that account, such as your name, email address
and public profile. We will likewise share certain information
with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access
token and the referring URL. You can stop sharing that
information with us at any time by removing our access to that
account. Payment information We may collect your payment information if you are a paying
customer. This information is required to complete a commercial
transaction on Dreame FM. We use this information to enable and
fulfill your transaction. If you choose to use any third-party’s
service to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide
your credit card number directly to the third-party. The privacy
policy of the third-party will apply to the information you
provide on its website. Sweepstakes, contests and surveys If you participate in a contest, special programs or survey, we
may request certain Personal Information from you. The purpose
of the survey and the identity of the service provider providing
the survey (if we engaged a service provider), will be notified
to you prior to you completing the survey. Contact information and other information provided
voluntarily If you provide feedback or contact us, or otherwise provide
information voluntarily to us, our employees, or our
contractors, you contact information, any information you
voluntarily provide and any associated data will be collected by
us as well. Identifiers and device information When you use any of our Services, we will automatically collect
certain information about you, including your browser type (e.g.
Chrome, Safari) and language, time zone setting, locale settings
(country and preferred language), the date and time of your
query, cookie data, device identifiers, including iOS Identifier
for Advertisers (IDFA), iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV),
Android Advertising ID, and information about your device,
including the type and model, manufacturer, operating system
(e.g. iOS or Android), carrier name, screen size, orientation,
audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot
time. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps,
browsers, and devices with Dreame FM, including your Internet
Protocol address, crash reports, system activity and the date,
time and referrer URL of your request. Usage data We automatically log your activity on Dreame FM, including data
relating to different app events (e.g. app activation, clicks,
purchases, downloads, plays, reads, book ratings, usage
duration, bookmarks, bookshelf and thoughts management, sharing
and searches, including searches for books or keywords),
purchase history, top-up records, bonus information, book
feedback, analysis and improvement settings, and other details
about your use of and actions on Dreame FM. Advertisers and advertising networks We may collect information about you from third party
advertisers and advertising networks. For more information on
how you can control such information from third party
advertisers and advertising networks, please refer to Section 4
and Section 7.
Non-identifiable information Non-identifiable information refers to data that cannot be used
to identify an individual. Examples of non-identifiable
information include statistics on website visits, application
downloads, and product sales volume. we will collect statistics
information to understand how users use our Services. By doing
so, we can improve our Services to better meet your
requirements. We keep your Personal Information and non-identifiable
information separate, and use each independently. Circumstances
may arise where we collect, use, disclose, and transfer
non-identifiable information for other purposes at our own
discretion. For example, we may share the non-identifiable
information with advertisers or publicly to show trends about
the general use of our Services. 3. Use of Collected Personal Information We use your information to provide the Platform to you and to
improve and administer it. We generally use each of the categories of information we
collect for the following purposes:
to improve our services, which may include Personal
Information collected to improve our offerings, and establish
a service environment that users feel safe and easy to use our
Services, such as auditing or data analysis, or for
troubleshooting;
to process transactions, we must collect data such as your
name, purchase, and payment information;
to respond to communications, reach out to you about your
transactions or account, market our Services, provide other
relevant information, or request information or feedback. From
time to time, we may use your Personal Information to send
important notices, such as communications about purchases and
changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this
information is important to your interaction with us, you may
not opt out of receiving these important notices;
To send you notifications, emails, SMS messages, instant
messages and inbox message to inform you about the updates of
our Services, Terms of Service, Privacy Policy as well as any
other operating rules, policies and procedures, new audio
books, campaigns, promotions, special offers and any other
direct marketing information about our products and Services
based on your prior consent in Dreame FM. However, you may
withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us through
service@dreamefm.com.
to protect individuals, employees, and us and for loss
prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect
individuals, employees, and us for the benefit of all our
users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for
potentially illegal content, including child sexual
exploitation material;
if you choose to personalize your services or communications
where such options are available, we will use information that
we collect so that we can offer you those personalized
services or communications;
to comply with applicable law, for example, to satisfy tax or
reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental
request;
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you
for any of the foregoing purposes;
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect
your information or pursuant to your consent.
4. Sharing of Personal Information In principle, we do not provide Personal Information to third
parties without your prior consent. However, We may share your
Personal Information with third-party service providers, but
only where it’s necessary to provide any of the Services to you
(e.g., email providers, server providers, etc.). When we share
data with third-party services that support our delivery of the
Services, we require that they protect your Personal Information
to the same standards we do. We do not and will not release, rent or sell your Personal
Information, except in the following very limited
situations: With your consent
After obtaining your consent, we will share the information that
you have authorized with specified third parties or categories
of third parties. Service provider We engage other companies and individuals to provide services
to us for any of the purposes described in this Policy, such as
cloud storage providers, payment card processing and
verification. We require that these service providers provide
the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this
Policy, and prohibit them from retaining, using or disclosing
your information except as necessary to provide services to us.
Third party plug-ins With third party applications and platforms, such as Facebook,
Google, that give you the option to post information about your
activities on our Services to share with others within your
network. This Policy does not apply to your use of any such
third party applications and services, and we are not
responsible for how those third parties collect, use and
disclose your information. We encourage you to review the
privacy policies of those third parties before connecting to or
using their applications or services and to learn more about
their information and privacy practices. Other users Any information that you include in your publicly-visible
Globook profile, which may include your profile ID, nickname,
photo and your personal introduction will be shared on our
Services to all other users. If you participate in social
features, such as chat, picture and other electronic information
you disclose may become publicly available. It may also be read,
copied, collected, or used by other users.
Government, public, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement
bodies or authorities We may release your information as required by law, such as to
comply with a court order, or when we believe, in good faith,
that release is appropriate to comply with the law and
reasonably necessary to, including (a) comply with a legal
obligation, process or request (including tax and related
reporting requirements); (b) enforce our Terms of Service,
Policy and other agreements, policies, and standards, including
investigation of any potential violation thereof; (c) detect,
prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical
issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our
users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by
law. This includes exchanging information with other companies
and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and
credit risk reduction. Disclosures in the event of merger, sale or asset
transfer We may share your information in connection with any merger,
sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a
portion of our business to another company. Under these
circumstances, we will always require the third parties or
related companies to comply with this Policy. Affiliates We may share your information with any members, subsidiaries,
or affiliates of us, to provide our Services including improving
and optimizing our Services, preventing illegal use and
supporting users.
Advertising partners We may allow third party advertisers and advertising networks
to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect your
information described in Section 7 to enable the technical
delivery of personalized advertisements to your device. If you
do not want to receive advertisements targeted to your interests
from us, you can choose to disable personalized advertisements
by going to Me > Settings > Privacy Settings > Personalized Ads,
and disable personalize advertisements. iOS and Android
operating systems also provide options to limit tracking and/or
reset the advertising IDs (For more information about how to
change these settings go to:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en,
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074). However, turning off
personalized advertisement function will limit our ability to
deliver relevant advertisement to you but may not necessarily
reduce the number of advertisements you receive.
5.Where do we store your Personal Information?
If you choose to use our Service or provide your information to
us, your information may be transferred to, processed and
maintained on servers or databases located outside of the
country or jurisdiction where your are located. It may also be
processed by staff operating outside your country who work for
us, for one of our suppliers or one of our business partners. By
submitting your information, you agree to this transfer, storing
or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to
ensure that your information is treated securely and in
accordance with this Policy and applicable law.
6.How do we protect your Personal Information?
We are continuously implementing and updating physical,
organizational, contractual and technological security measures,
such as encryption, to protect your Personal Information from
loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or
modification. The only employees who are granted access to your
Personal Information are those with a business “need-to-know” or
whose duties reasonably require such information. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information
collected on the Services in a secure operation environment,
however, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that
information during its transmission or its storage on our
system. We do not warrant or represent that your information
will be protected against loss, misuse or alteration by third
parties, since no method of transmission over the internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 7.Your Rights You have the right to rectify and correct your Personal
Information by logging into your account at any time. With
respect to correction requests, where we agree that the Personal
Information is inaccurate or incomplete, we will try to tell any
third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal
Information so that they can rectify the Personal Information as
well. You also have the right to access Personal Information
we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it
with. You also benefit from the
rights to request the restriction of processing, and the portability of your Personal Information.
However, we may process your Personal Information if there are
other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defence
of legal claims or for other protections). You have the
right to withdraw consent at any time, and you may
object to our use of your Personal Information that we
use on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g., when we use
your Personal Information to ensure account security). We will retain your information for as long as your account is
active or as needed to provide you with our Services. You can
request deletion of your Personal Information at any
time. We will evaluate such requests on a case by case basis.
However, We may keep some of your information for as long as
reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests,
including fraud detection and prevention and to comply with our
legal obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing
obligations. Sometimes your request will only be satisfied by
closing your account, and you should understand that upon
deletion of your account, you will lose the right to access or
use all or part of Dreame FM. However, we may process your Personal Information if there are
other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defence
of legal claims or for other protections). You have the
right to withdraw consent at any time. You can exercise these rights with us by sending a request to
the following e-mail address service@dreamefm.com or by mail
writing to the following address 6 RAFFLES QUAY #14-02 SINGAPORE
048580.
8.Advertisement; Third Party Content and Services
We allow other companies, called third party advertisers and
advertising networks, to serve advertisements within our
Services to deliver interest-based advertising to you about
third party products and services. These third party advertisers
and advertising networks use technology to send the
advertisements and links that appear on our Services directly to
you. When you use our Services, some third party tools (SDKs)
integrated within our Services may collect and use certain
information collected from your device for the purpose of
advertisement display and optimization. Such information
includes device manufacturer, model, and operating system,
screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage,
carrier name, IDFV, IDFA or Android Advertising ID, time zone
setting, locale settings (country and preferred language) and IP
address. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies,
JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure their advertisements’
effectiveness and personalize the advertising content you see.
You can exercise choices over how we use your Personal
Information and update your preferences at any time as described
in Section 4. You should consult these third party advertisers and
advertising networks’ respective privacy policies for more
information on their practices and instructions on how to
opt-out of certain practices. Our Privacy Policy does not apply
to, and we cannot control the activities of, such third party
advertisers, advertising networks or websites. Any data obtained
by third party advertisers and advertising networks subsequently
shared with us is maintained and dealt with by us under this
Privacy Policy. 9.Changes Our Policy may change from time to time. If they do, we’ll let
you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on
the Site, app or by sending you an email. We will not reduce
your rights under any updates to the Policy without your
explicit consent. Please note that your continued use of the Services after any
change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by,
the new Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any changes in
the Privacy Policy and do not wish to be subject to the
revised Privacy Policy, you will need to close your account
and/or stop using the Services. 10.Contact In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we
process your Personal Information, please contact us in the
first instance at service@dreamefm.com, and we will endeavor to
deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without
prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your data
protection authority or follow the dispute resolution process
provided in the Privacy Policy. 11.Language This Privacy Policy may be prepared in multiple languages. In
the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation among
any language version, the English language shall always prevail.
All other language versions shall be deemed to be automatically
amended to conform with and to make the relevant text consistent
with the English text.