Skip Navigation
Menu
What's On
Browse Content
Channel Guide
Music
Sports
Howard Stern
News & Issues
Talk & Entertainment
Comedy
Podcasts
Hear & Now Blog
Try SiriusXM
Free Trial: In My Car
Free Trial: On the SXM App
Learn About My Trial
What is SiriusXM
Ways to Listen
Subscriber Perks
Subscriptions
Compare Plans
Inside the Car
On the SXM App
Returning Listener Offers
Shop Radios
Traffic, Weather & More
For Business
For Boats
For Planes
Auto & Truck Fleets
Listen on the SXM App
Help & Support
Transfer My Subscription
Refresh My Radio
Help Center
Do Not Call Policy
Search SiriusXM
clear
Browse Plans and Pricing
Subscribe Now
Get a Free Trial
Pay My Bill
Transfer My Subscription
Search SiriusXM
clear
Page content follows
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: January 5, 2023
In English
En Español
Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights
This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information collected and processed by Sirius XM Radio Inc. (“Company,” “us,” or “we”) and applies to information about users of our satellite radio service, marine and aviation weather services and other data and infotainment services provided by Company and made available via the in-vehicle radio, our digital streaming or other SiriusXM services delivered through our online media player or a connected device, and visitors to or users of Company websites, applications, or live music events (collectively, the “Services”). Note: If you access and/or submit personal information to Sirius XM through the Careers link found on our websites, see the section entitled Personal Information of Employment Candidates for additional notices.
This Privacy Policy only covers information collected by Company and does not govern the information practices of companies affiliated with Company. Please note specifically that where applicable, services provided by affiliated company, Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Inc. (such as safety, diagnostic, convenience, remote services) operate separately, are provided in connection with your vehicle manufacturer and are subject to their own privacy policies.  Please refer to your vehicle owner’s manual for more information about those applicable data collection and use practices.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the Customer Agreement and Website Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Services.
This Privacy Policy is made available in Spanish. To the extent that minor differences may appear in translation, the terms of the English language version shall govern.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS COMPANIES
“DO NOT TRACK” AND GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL SIGNALS
YOUR CHOICES WHEN USING COMPANY SERVICES
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION
THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WEBSITES AND DEVICES
SECURITY
RETENTION
TERRITORIAL LIMITATIONS
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
GENERAL AUDIENCE SITE
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER STATE LAWS
PERSONAL INFORMATION OF EMPLOYMENT CANDIDATES
CONTACT US
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Company offers a variety of products and services, and the information we collect will depend on which products and services you use.  We may collect information from you directly, automatically when you use any of the Services and also from third parties. Some of this information may be considered “personal information” or “personal data,” and some of which may be considered “sensitive” under various applicable laws. We consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual to be personal information (such as your name, phone number, e-mail address), and we treat additional information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as “personal information” where required by applicable law. And, if we combine information, we consider to be non-personal with personal information, we will treat that combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize personal information so that it is non-personal, such as by aggregating it or converting it to a code, sometimes using a function commonly known as a “hash.” We will treat de-identified and pseudonymized information as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
When you access or interact with the Services, we may ask that you provide us with certain information, or you may choose to provide certain information to us.  Such information may include:
Contact and Payment Information – You may provide information to us when sign up for a subscription (free trial or paid) to access our services, establish a listener profile, purchase products from us, or contact us (via phone, email or online form or online chat) This may include account or profile information (email address and password), contact information (name, phone number, shipping address), payment information (for example, credit card or gift card information), and vehicle information (Radio ID, VIN or license plate).
Other Information – Certain features may collect additional information from you directly, such as demographic data or information about your preferences and interests, such as your listening favorites.  We may infer information about you based on other information we have collected and supplement the information we have associated to you and your account, to better personalize the Services and our communication with you and to provide you with more relevant offers and ads.
If you choose to use a voice feature with our services we may record your voice. We do not collect or store voiceprints or use such voice data to identify you personally.
Information We Collect Automatically
We as well as third party companies we have business relationships with, including advertising entities, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or use a Service or otherwise interact with us or our content, including our advertisements (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may be collected from any device you use to access the Services including desktop computers, mobile phones, tablets, smart TVs, streaming media players, gaming consoles, home audio systems or connected speakers, wearable devices, and certain SiriusXM radios which are enabled for two-way communications through a modem installed in the vehicle, including radios that use a combination of our satellite network and a wireless Internet connection (“Enabled Radios”) (collectively, “Internet-enabled Devices”).  SiriusXM satellite-only radios are not Enabled Radios and cannot transmit usage or other information from the radio or the vehicle. Please see your vehicle manufacturer or dealer for more information about the radio in your vehicle.
Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if you have a Company account or listener profile, we may match the Usage Information we receive to the Internet-enabled Device(s) associated with your account or profile and thereby treat it as your personal information.
General Usage Information – We may collect Usage Information such as the hardware model, browser, internet service provider, operating system, the URL or advertisement that referred you to the Service you are visiting, the areas of the Services that you visit or use, access times and listening behavior, pages viewed, search terms entered, your time zone, and mobile network (if applicable), among other information related to your transactions.  Note this may include data that allows us to follow up with you, such as when you begin the process to make a purchase but abandon the transaction. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address and unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any Internet-enabled Device you use to access the Services.
Interactions with our Content – We also collect Usage Information related to the content you listen to or watch and how you interact with it. This includes listening behavior, access times, pages viewed, search terms entered, channel preferences, pause during sports, downloads, tune starts, time of day use, marine or aviation weather data services, driving patterns and conditions, videos viewed and duration of viewing.
Cookies and other Locally Stored Technologies
Cookies - Cookies are small text files that help store user preferences. These files are stored locally on your device when you use the website or certain Internet-enabled Devices to access the Services.  These technologies are able to store a unique identifier for a device that allows us to recognize the device whenever it returns to that Service. These technologies may be used for many purposes, such as automatically collecting Usage Information, enabling features, serving advertisements to you online, and remembering your preferences. We, our service providers or third party companies with whom we have a business relationship may use cookies and other technologies to help us manage and report on your interaction with the Services, secure and improve the Services, study the effectiveness of our customer communications, maintain the integrity of the Services, manage multiple instances of the Services in a single browser, collect and report on aggregate statistical information, measure crash analytics and other maintenance related information, manage and measure the performance of advertisements placed by Company on other sites or delivered by or through the Services, and personalize your experience of the Services, such as to recognize you when you return to the Services. Other information we collect may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, and date/time stamp. You may limit cookies on your device by adjusting the settings on your Internet browser or via settings we make available on our website. You will need to indicate your preferences for each device or browser that you use.  If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your privacy settings on your device, some features of a Service may not function as well. For more information about cookies and managing cookies generally, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web Tags - Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”), may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web tags or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to a Service, to monitor how users navigate a Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular videos or links were actually viewed.
Beacons - Beacons are small, wireless transmitters that use low energy Bluetooth technology to send signals to other smart devices in their proximity and can be used by mobile applications to help locate a device’s physical location. We may use beacons when your Internet-enabled Device interacts with the Services, typically through a mobile application, to serve you relevant advertisements, and may in some instances, share beacon data with third parties, including to serve you advertisements based on your location.
Software Development Kits (SDKs) - SDKs are a software package that contains a set of tools that can be used to help build applications and implement new features in existing apps. These tools can be used to create and operate features that collect information from your device.
Data Collection from Mobile Devices -We use SDKs and similar tools to collect information from mobile devices such as the hardware model, operating system and version, identification numbers assigned to your mobile device, such as the ID for Advertising (IDFA) on Apple devices, and the Advertising ID on Android devices, mobile network information, and website usage behavior. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security, fraud detection, and maintenance purposes.
In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect Usage Information and similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Chat Boxes - When you participate in our Customer Support Chat, Company can record and use your communications and the information you provide in order to assist you and provide related support for your account, subscription or the Services, to improve the Services and services, and for marketing purposes.
Location Information – When you use an Internet-enabled Device to access the Services, we collect your approximate (or “rough”) location via your IP address. We do not collect precise geolocation of your mobile device or your vehicle without your consent. If you access the Services through an Enabled Radio in your vehicle and your vehicle is configured to provide precise geolocation information, you will see notice of the collection of precise location data on the Welcome Screen of the Enabled Radio prior to your first use. By choosing “LISTEN NOW” or taking other affirmative action to continue past the screen on which precise location collection is expressly indicated, you consent to us having access to your precise location until you take action to disable the geolocation data transmission. Geolocation transmission may be disabled in your enabled radio’s SiriusXM System Settings or by other means designated by your automotive manufacturer. If you disable location tools and continue to use Traffic, Travel Link and related Services while driving, we will be unable to provide you with the optimal functionality of these Services.
Information We Receive or Collect from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from our subsidiaries, service providers, third party companies with whom we have a business relationships (such as vehicle manufacturers, dealers, vehicle repair companies, sponsors or licensors), retailers, advertising networks and agencies, marketing companies, and data providers. For example, we may receive your name, postal address, email address and/or phone number from an automaker or dealer in connection with your purchase of a vehicle with a trial subscription to the Services. We may also supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties, such as advertisers and ad agencies, public databases, publicly available Social Media pages, and third party data providers who enhance the information we have about you. We may combine and store the supplemental information with other information we may have already received or collected from you, for use as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Social Media Interactions - The Services may facilitate interactions with an interactive third party website or service (“Social Media”), which may include the ability for you to “like” or “share” content. If you choose to post information to a Social Media platform, that information will be public. You may also have the opportunity to connect your account on a Social Media service (e.g., Facebook or Twitter). When you interact with Social Media through the Services, we may receive information about you from that Social Media service and they may set their own cookies and collect information about your use of the Services, including your IP address or other Device Identifier and which page you are visiting on a Service. These Social Media platforms may be able to collect certain information about your visits to the Service regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the Social Media platform.
The information collected and stored by a third party is subject solely to the third party’s privacy practices. Company is not responsible for, and will assume no liability, if a third party collects, uses, or shares any information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws, rules, or agreements.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We may use information we collect or obtain, including Usage Information and personal information, to:
facilitate your use of and access to the Services, including to determine your eligibility to receive service, process your registration and verify the information you submit to us, enable you to manage your account and subscriptions, maintain your listener profile, send you service- and account-related communications, and provide customer service, including communicating directly with you about any inquiries or requests you submit to us;
provide you with information, special deals, offers, extensions of service, promotions, or new product or services offered by us, or by third party entities that we think may be of interest to you;
enhance your experience on the Services and tailor listening and content recommendations and communications;
administer and improve the Services, and for internal business purposes such as to develop new products and services, perform market research, analyze and produce statistical reports and gauge the effectiveness of our marketing efforts;
understand how you use the Services, including identifying popular areas and analyzing trends and usage patterns;
identify and connect you, your account or your listener profile to Services for which you are eligible to receive;
tailor the placement and content of advertisements to you, your interests, or your location on the Services or other sites and applications, and to monitor and control the ad delivery, performance and frequency;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies;
identify, diagnose and address technical issues;
contact you with regard to your use of the Services, our agreements with you including the Customer Agreement and Website Terms of Use, or changes to our policies;
to comply with our policies, procedures, and legal obligations including complying with government authority requests, regulatory requirements, and enforcing our agreements and policies; and
fulfill purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information or otherwise with your consent.
We may also use non-personal information at our discretion, including to identify satellite or other service outages, and to serve, monitor, and report on general, regional or contextual advertising, and to allow others to do so.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We share non-personal information, which may include Usage Information or information that has been de-identified or pseudonymized, with third parties at our discretion as allowed by law, including to pay artists and rights owners by reporting aggregated or de-identified listening information to copyright owners and licensing agencies or for targeted advertising purposes.
We may share personal information we have collected about you as disclosed to you at the time you provided your information or as described in this Privacy Policy, and in the following circumstances:
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Entities
We may share information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for business, analytical, marketing, operational and advertising purposes and to offer, provide, and improve services and products offered both individually and jointly.
Unaffiliated Third Parties
Unless otherwise stated, we may share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own business and marketing purposes. These third parties may include companies from whom we license audio content. A third party’s use of the personal information is subject to their privacy policy and data practices. You may opt-out of our sharing of your information for third-party marketing through your Online Account Center or by sending an email request to opt-out of sharing for third-party marketing to privacy@siriusxm.com. Opt-out requests received via these channels may take up to 15 business days to process. California residents, please see section below titled NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS for additional information.
As part of your election to accept a promotional offer for a service offered by an unaffiliated third party as part of a SiriusXM premium or other subscription service, we will share with the third party only the information required to confirm your eligibility for the associated service and to maintain your access to the promotional based on the associated SiriusXM subscription status, unless you expressly consent to more sharing.
When You Consent To or Direct Us To Share Your Information
We may share your personal information when you expressly consent or otherwise direct us to do so. For example, you may be presented with the option to share your information with a third party content provider of content that you have expressed interest in. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third party, and you should consult the privacy policy of the third party for information about how they will use your information.  If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
When You Post Content Publicly
The Services may offer message boards, chats, forums and other public areas (“Community Forums”) where you can choose to interact with others and/or to post or submit content. Note that anything you choose to disclose in such a Community Forum is public. It may be viewed, collected and used by others and the protections of this Privacy Policy will not apply. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any personal information.
Public Broadcasting/On Air
If you provide us with information when making a request such as a song or other content be played on the Services, we may use the information you provide in accordance with this Policy, including to announce your name and request on the air.
Service Providers
We may share information with third party service providers or allow those third parties to collect information about you, to enable them to perform services on our behalf, such as website hosting, conducting website usage analytics, supporting calls for customer service, sending mail, email, text, or other communications, fulfilling orders, providing marketing assistance and data analysis, processing payments, performing collection activities, and other services. Additionally, we may share various information relating to our users and fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activities with our fraud prevention and similar service providers, and they will use this information to help us and their other clients prevent fraudulent and illegal transactions.
Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions and Surveys
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, in-studio events, giveaways, research surveys and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) that may require registration and/or providing certain personal information. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing us, or a sponsor disclosed at the time of the Promotion, to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). If you choose to engage in a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winners list).
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties: (i) to comply with a legal obligation, such as respond to a valid subpoena or other legal process or if we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (ii) in response to a legitimate request of legal, regulatory or governmental authority conducting an investigation; (iii) to protect, enforce or defend our agreements including the Customer Agreement, Website Terms of Use, or other policies applicable to our Services; (iv) to respond to an emergency; (v) otherwise to protect the safety, rights, property or security of Company, our employees or contractors, our subsidiaries, or our customers, or the public; or (vi) to protect against fraud or to conduct risk management. In the course of any of the above, we may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies at our discretion.
We may share non-personal information, which may include Usage Information or other information that has been de-identified or pseudonymized, with third parties at our discretion and as allowed by law, including for targeted advertising purposes. California Residents, please see section below titled NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS for additional information.
Business Transfers
In the event Company goes through a business transition, Company reserves the right to disclose and transfer all personal information related to the Services (including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process): (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of a Service or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, the sale of certain of Company’s ownership interests, assets, or both, or other company change. By providing your information, you understand and agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS COMPANIES
We work with third party companies (such as advertisers, ad agencies, analytics providers, and other advertising entities) to serve advertisements and offers for the Services on other properties and applications, to serve third party ads on the Services and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Services and the effectiveness of our advertisements. These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your Internet-enabled Device (including cookies and web beacons), and they may otherwise collect or have access to Usage Information and other information about you, some of which may be personal information under various state laws. Some of these parties may collect personal information over time when you visit the Services or other online websites and services. We may share information, typically information that has been pseudonymized or de-identified (including hashed email addresses), Usage Information, and general location information with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads on and off the Services.
You have the following methods to exercise choice around the collection of data by these advertising/analytics third parties through the Services:
When you set the “Incognito” mode in mobile applications for streaming, we will continue to collect your Usage Information related to interactions for your app experience; but we will not use it for our marketing purposes and will not share it with third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookie Settings – Company offers visitors to the Company website an ability to opt-out of the collection of personal information by third party cookies placed on our website for certain targeted advertising and similar purposes. You can make changes to which categories of cookies we use (with the exception of strictly necessary cookies) by launching the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages.
Self-Regulatory Programs Opt-Outs – We may work with a variety of companies to serve advertisements. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and you may want to visit the following webpages, which provide “opt-out” mechanisms for participating companies: https://optout.networkadvertising.org and https://optout.aboutads.info.
Mobile-Based Opt Outs – Mobile devices may contain settings that allow you to disable tracking advertising and/or analytics. Your mobile device manufacturer may also provide methods to opt-out from advertising based on your individual interests through your mobile device. If you are using an iOS-based device and do not want to receive advertisements personalized to you or your individual interests, you may be able to limit these advertisements by enabling “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS Device following these instructions from Apple. If you are using an Android-based device and you do not wish to receive advertisements personalized to you or your individual interests, you can visit Google’s Ads Settings page from a browser on your Android-based device and make your choices there. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register their intent not to receive targeted advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Google Analytics – We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online services. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at http://www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that your opt-out choices are browser and device specific; if you disable your cookies, upgrade your browser after opting out or if you use multiple different Internet-enabled Devices, please opt-out on each device and each browser separately. Also, opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads while online. Certain states provide additional rights.  Please see Section 14 -Your Privacy Rights Under State Laws below for additional rights you may have.
“DO NOT TRACK” and Global Privacy Control Signals
Do Not Track  -- Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services that you visit. When you choose to turn on the “Do Not Track” setting in your browser, your browser will send a signal to websites, analytics providers, advertisement networks, plug-in providers, and other web service providers you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity.  To find out more about and set up “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Global Privacy Control --Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking.  To find out more about and set up GPC, please visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#about.
YOUR CHOICES WHEN USING THE SERVICES
You have the following choices with regard to our collection and use of personal information collected:
Enabled Radios - You may be able to limit certain data transmitted by the Enabled Radio in your vehicle through the privacy settings provided in your vehicle.  Please contact your vehicle manufacturer or dealer directly for more information.
Marketing Emails and Newsletters - You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails and newsletters by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails or by going to the SiriusXM Email Communications Preference Center at www.siriusxm.com/emailpreferences. Please note that even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we will continue to send transactional communications relating to your subscription, account, or use of the Services, such as renewal notices, administrative and service announcements.
Telemarketing and Mobile Messages - You may opt out of telemarketing sales calls by placing your phone number on our “Do Not Call” list using the instructions in our “Do Not Call” Policy available here. We may have more than one telephone number on record for you or your household members; you must specify all the phone numbers you are directing us to not call. Although your request will be processed immediately, it may take up to 10 days to remove your information from active telemarketing and solicitation lists that are in flight. Please note: you may continue to receive calls for service and account-related matters.
If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS or RCS messages from us, you may unsubscribe from any SMS or MMS or RCS messages received by replying “STOP.”
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your Internet-enabled Device. You can elect to stop receiving those messages by changing the notification settings on your Internet-enabled Device.
Mail  - If you prefer to not receive any marketing offers via direct mail, please visit the communications section in your Online Account Center to indicate your preference. Please note such requests must be renewed every three (3) years.  Note, even if you tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing mail from us, we will continue to send transactional communications relating to your subscription, account, or use of the Services, such as renewals, administrative and services announcements.
Contact Preferences - You can manage how we use your personal information to contact you by setting your contact preferences.  Please visit here for additional information and instructions on how to do so.
Other Privacy Rights - Residents of California, Nevada and Virginia: Please review Section 14 – Your Privacy Rights Under State Laws below for more information on additional rights you may have.
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as contact information you have provided for your account. If you wish to make any changes or updates to your personal information, please visit Sirius XM Listener Care online at http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus, or log into your Online Account Center to update your information. If you are unable to manage your account online, please call us at 1-855-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474) or 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346). Note that when you edit your personal information or change your preferences, information that you remove may persist internally for certain administrative purposes or within backup media. If you have made any public postings on a Social Media platform or a Community Forum, those communications generally cannot be removed.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WEBSITES & DEVICES
In certain instances, the Services may be associated with or direct subscribers to content that is served by another party or links to third party content or web sites that Company does not control, such as resellers of the Services or radios used to deliver the Services, third party promotional services accepted by you as a benefit of your SiriusXM subscription, or sponsors or other third party businesses that may display our logo as part of a co-branded business relationship.
The Services may be accessed through third party Internet-enabled Devices such as connected set top boxes or media players, smart TVs, speakers or other smart devices, gaming consoles, or other similar devices. These third party operators and content providers use their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your Internet-enabled Device, and they may independently collect data from or about you and your use of their content, websites, devices or services.  Their collection and use of your information is subject to their privacy policies. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party.
Use of Framing Techniques – Some third-party companies with whom we have a business relationship may utilize framing techniques to serve content to and from webpages accessible through our Services while preserving the look and feel of our website. Please be aware that if a third party utilizes framing techniques, you are providing your personal information to the third party and not to Company.
SECURITY
We implement commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect. You use the Services and provide us information at your own risk.
RETENTION
We will retain your personal information during the time you have an account, maintain a listener profile with us or continue to use the Services, and for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy; to support and provide you access to the Services; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; resolve disputes and enforce our Customer Agreement and Website Terms; and comply with legal, financial and regulatory requirements.
TERRITORIAL LIMITATIONS
Sirius XM Radio is controlled and operated from the United States and the information we collect is governed by United States law. The Services are intended for use by residents of the United States only. We do not intend to collect or store, and we do not knowingly process, personal information of consumers or users who are residents of countries outside of the United States.
If you are not a resident of the United States, please do not interact with the Services or otherwise provide us with your personal information.
We may collect information associated with an Internet-enabled Device in order to limit territorial distribution of our services but do not associate such information with a device owner or residency of any particular country. We are required to track if you are attempting to access the Services while you are outside of the United States using an Internet-enabled Device.  If we receive information from your Internet-enabled Device’s location indicating that you are outside the United States, we may block your access to the Services from that particular device. If you attempt to access the Services when you are outside the United States, we will use your IP address for the legitimate interest of allowing or denying access to geo-restricted content within our Services.  If you disable such geolocation on your Internet-enabled Device and we have no other method of determining your location and whether you are within our service territory, then you will not have access to the geographically restricted channels on your Internet-enabled Device regardless of your location.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
To the extent allowed by applicable law, Company reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of material changes by posting the changed or modified Privacy Policy on the Services and will otherwise notify you as required by applicable law. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through an email address that you have provided. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the any of the Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will constitute your consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. However, we will provide notice and obtain your consent (opt-in or opt-out) if required. Note that when applicable, you may need to consent to a revised policy in order to continue to use the Services.
GENERAL AUDIENCE SITE
The Services are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children younger than age 18.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER STATE LAWS
Notice to California Residents
Your Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA):  If you are a resident of California, please review the Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights, which sets forth certain information about your California privacy rights and additional information about the personal information we collect and share.
Your rights under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83 (Shine the Light law): California residents have the right to request from companies conducting business in California certain information relating to third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. You may request certain information about categories of personal information shared by Company with unaffiliated third parties for those parties’ own marketing purposes during the previous calendar year and the names of such parties.
To make your request, please write to us at: Sirius XM Radio Inc., 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10104, Attn: Legal Department – Shine the Light Privacy Request. Shine the Light requests that come to us by other means may result in a delayed response.
Notice to Nevada Residents
If you are a resident of Nevada residents, you may apply limits to the sale of certain personal information to third parties for resale or licensing purposes, subject to applicable law.  Company does not sell your personal information for such use.  You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to privacy@siriusxm.com, with the subject line, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” along with your first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, whether you are a former or current SiriusXM subscriber, and a valid email address so that we can contact you if needed regarding your request. Note: in order to process a request from a former or current SiriusXM subscriber, your email address must match the email address on your account.
Notice to Virginia Residents
As required under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), this Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal data we process, the purpose for processing personal data, the categories of personal data shared, and the categories of third parties with whom personal data is shared. Virginia residents have the following rights, all subject to the meanings and exceptions set forth in the VCDPA:
To confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to request a copy of the personal data previously provided by you to us, up to twice annually ("Right to Access")
To request that we delete the personal data provided by you or obtained about you ("Right to Delete")
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising as defined under VCDPA (“Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising”)
Sirius XM may engage in advertising practices that may be considered “targeted advertising” under the VCDPA.  To opt out of targeted advertising, please submit your preference at Your Privacy Choices. To disable online sharing through cookies set by third parties that may be considered targeted advertising under the VCDPA, please launch the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages.
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of a sale (“Right to Opt-Out of Sale”)
Sirius XM does not sell personal data to third parties for monetary compensation.
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. (“Right to Opt-Out of Profiling”)
SiriusXM does not process personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To opt-in to the processing of sensitive data (as defined under VCDPA) (“Right to Opt-in to Processing of Sensitive Data”).
To the extent SiriusXM processes sensitive data, we will obtain your opt-in consent in accordance with VA law.
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to exercise any of these rights described above pursuant to the VCDPA, and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder, please submit a request here or call us at 800-869-5593.
Virginia residents also have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal data we hold about you (“Right to Correct”). This right may be exercised directly through your Online Account Center.  If you need additional assistance, please contact a customer care agent at 800-869-5593 to provide the correct information.
VCDPA Appeals
Pursuant to the VCDPA, if, for any reason, you would like to appeal our decision relating to your request, you have the right to submit an appeal and can do so by submitting your request here. Please provide all of the requested information so that we may properly address your appeal.
NOTICE TO EMPLOYMENT CANDIDATES
We use third party service providers, such as recruiters and employment agencies as well as an online service provider that hosts and operates our Careers Site. If you are interacting with us  through the Careers Site, or inquiring or submitting information to us directly or through a service provider with regard to possible employment (an “Employment Candidate”), we or our service providers may collect and use personal information about you in order to (i) respond to your  inquiries, (ii) evaluate use of the Careers site, where applicable, and (iii) comply with legal requirements regarding applicant data, and (iv) process your application as a candidate for Company employment.  We may collect the following: basic identification and contact  information (such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address) in order to be able to get in touch with you and schedule job interviews and keep you updated; demographic information; and professional qualifications and information concerning your application and our assessment of it, your references, any checks we may make to verify information provided or background checks (including where permissible under local law, criminal records checks) and any information connected with your right to work. If relevant, we may also process information concerning your health and accommodations for working arrangements, and any other personal information that you voluntarily provide to us as part of your application for employment.
If you become employed by Company, we will retain and use your personal information as set forth in the employee materials provided to you during your employment onboarding.  If you do not become employed by Company as a result of the application process for which the personal information was originally submitted, your information may be retained solely for the purpose of consideration for future open positions or as required to defend and support Sirius XM’s legal rights and obligations, to the extent permitted under law. Sirius XM does not sell, trade or share for any commercial purpose personal information of Employment Candidates.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to privacy@siriusxm.com or write to us at:
Sirius XM Radio Inc.
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
8550 Freeport Parkway
Irving, Texas 75063
Sus Derechos bajo la Acta de Privacidad de Consumidores de California
Esta Política de Privacidad describe nuestras prácticas con respecto a la recopilación, el uso y la divulgación de información personal recopilada y procesada por Sirius XM Radio Inc. ("Compañía", o "nosotros") y aplica a la información sobre los usuarios de nuestro servicio de radio satélite, servicios meteorológicos marítimos y de aviación y otros servicios de datos e información y entretenimiento proporcionados por la Compañía y disponibles a través de la radio del vehículo, nuestra transmisión digital en línea u otros servicios de SiriusXM entregados a través de nuestro reproductor de medios en línea o un dispositivo conectado, y visitantes o usuarios de los sitios web de la Compañía, aplicaciones o eventos de música en vivo (colectivamente, los "Servicios"). Nota: si usted accede y/o envía información personal a Sirius XM a través del enlace Carreras que se encuentra en nuestros sitios web, consulte la sección titulada Información Personal de los Candidatos a Empleo para obtener avisos adicionales.
Esta Política de privacidad solo cubre la información recopilada por la Compañía y no rige las prácticas de información de las compañías afiliadas a la Compañía. Tenga en cuenta específicamente que, cuando corresponda, los servicios proporcionados por la empresa afiliada, Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Inc. (como seguridad, diagnóstico, comodidad, servicios remotos) funcionan por separado, se proporcionan en relación con el fabricante de su vehículo y están sujetos a sus propias políticas de privacidad. Consulte el manual del propietario de su vehículo para obtener más información sobre las prácticas aplicables de uso y recopilación de datos.
Por favor revise esta Política de Privacidad cuidadosamente.  En adición, por favor revise el Acuerdo con el Cliente and y los Términos de Uso del Sitio Web, los cuales gobiernan su uso de los Servicios.
Esta Política de Privacidad está disponible en inglés y en español.  A la medida que existen diferencias menores en la traducción, los términos de la versión en inglés controlan.
TABLA DE CONTENIDOS
INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS
COMO UTILIZAMOS LA INFORMACIÓN
COMO COMPARTIMOS LA INFORMACIÓN
EMPRESAS DE ANÁLISIS Y PUBLICIDAD DE TERCEROS
“DO NOT TRACK” Y SEÑALES DE CONTROL DE PRIVACIDAD GLOBALES
SUS OPCIONES AL UTLIZAR LOS SERVICIOS DE LA EMPRESA
CAMBIAR SU INFORMACIÓN
CONTENIDO DE TERCROS DE SITIOS WEB Y DE DISPOSITIVOS
SEGURIDAD
RETENCIÓN
LIMITACIONES TERRITORIALES
CAMBIOS EN LA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
SITIO DE LA AUDENCIA GENERAL
SUS DERECHOS DE PRIVACIDAD BAJO LAS LEYES ESTATALES
INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL DE LOS CANDIDATOS A EMPLEO
CONTÁCTENOS
INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS
La Compañía ofrece una variedad de productos y servicios, y la información que recopilamos dependerá de los productos y servicios que usted utilice. Podemos recopilar información de usted directamente, automáticamente cuando utiliza cualquiera de los Servicios y también de terceros. Parte de esta información puede considerarse "información personal" o "datos personales", y algunos de los cuales pueden considerarse "sensitivos" bajo distintas leyes aplicables. Nosotros consideramos que la información que lo identifica como una persona específica e identificada es información personal (como su nombre, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico) y tratamos la información adicional, incluyendo las direcciones IP y los identificadores de cookies, como "información personal" cuando requerido por la ley aplicable. Y, si combinamos información que consideramos no personal con información personal, trataremos esa información combinada como información personal según esta Política de Privacidad. Tenga en cuenta que podemos desidentificar o seudonimizar la información personal para que no sea personal, por ejemplo, agregándola o convirtiéndola en un código, a veces usando una función comúnmente conocida como "hash". Trataremos la información no identificada y con seudónimos como no personal en la mayor medida permitida por la ley aplicable.
Información que Usted nos Proporciona a Nosotros Directamente:
Cuando accede a los Servicios o interactúa con ellos, nosotros podemos pedirle que nos proporcione cierta información, o usted puede optar por proporcionarnos cierta información. Dicha información puede incluir:
Información de Contacto o de Pago: – Usted puede proporcionarnos información cuando se registre para una suscripción (prueba gratuita o de pago) para acceder a nuestros servicios, establecer un perfil de oyente, comprar nuestros productos o contactarnos (por teléfono, correo electrónico o formulario en línea, o chat en línea). Esto puede incluir información de cuenta o perfil (dirección de correo electrónico y contraseña), información de contacto (nombre, número de teléfono, dirección de envío), información de pago (por ejemplo, información de tarjeta de crédito o tarjeta de regalo) e información del vehículo (ID de radio, VIN o marbete).
Otra Información – Ciertas funciones pueden recopilar información adicional de usted directamente, como datos demográficos o información sobre sus preferencias e intereses, como lo que prefiere escuchar. Podemos inferir información sobre usted en función de otra información que hemos recopilado y complementar la información que hemos asociado con usted y su cuenta, para personalizar mejor los Servicios y nuestra comunicación con usted y para brindarle ofertas y anuncios más relevantes.
Si usted elige usar una función de voz con nuestros servicios, podemos grabar su voz. No recopilamos ni almacenamos huellas de voz ni utilizamos dichos datos de voz para identificarlo personalmente.
Información Que Recopilamos Automáticamente
Nosotros, así como las empresas de terceros con las que tenemos relaciones comerciales, incluyendo las entidades publicitarias, podemos usar una variedad de tecnologías que recopilan cierta información de forma automática o pasiva cada vez que visita o usa un Servicio o interactúa de otra manera con nosotros o nuestro contenido, incluidos nuestros anuncios (“Información de Uso”). La Información de Uso se puede recopilar de cualquier dispositivo que usted utilice para acceder a los Servicios, incluyendo computadoras, teléfonos móviles, tabletas, televisores inteligentes, reproductores de transmisión de medios, consolas de juegos, sistemas de audio domésticos o bocinas conectadas, dispositivos portátiles y ciertos radios SiriusXM que están habilitadas para comunicaciones bidireccionales a través de un módem instalado en el vehículo, incluyendo los radios que usan una combinación de nuestra red satélite y una conexión inalámbrica al Internet ("Radios Habilitadas") (colectivamente, "Dispositivos Habilitados para Internet"). Las radios únicamente de satélites de SiriusXM no son Radios Habilitadas y no pueden transmitir el uso u otra información desde el radio o el vehículo. Consulte al fabricante o distribuidor de su vehículo para obtener más información sobre el radio de su vehículo.
La Información de Uso generalmente no es identificable, pero si usted tiene una cuenta de la Compañía o un perfil de oyente, podemos parear la Información de Uso que recibimos con los Dispositivos Habilitados para Internet asociados con su cuenta o perfil y, por lo tanto, tratarla como su información personal.
Información de Uso General – Nosotros podemos recopilar Información de Uso, como el modelo de hardware, el navegador, el proveedor de servicios de Internet, el sistema operativo, la URL o el anuncio que lo refirió al Servicio que está visitando, las áreas de los Servicios que visita o usa, horarios y tiempo de acceso y comportamiento de escucha, páginas visitadas, términos de búsqueda ingresados, su zona horaria y red móvil (si aplica), entre otra información relacionada con sus transacciones. Tenga en cuenta que esto puede incluir datos que nos permitan hacer seguimiento con usted, como cuando comienza el proceso para realizar una compra pero abandona la transacción. Además, recopilamos automáticamente su dirección IP e identificador único ("Identificador de Dispositivo") para cualquier Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet que utilice para acceder a los Servicios.
Interacciones con nuestro Contenido – Nosotros también recopilamos Información de Uso relacionada con el contenido que usted escucha o mira y cómo usted interactúa con él. Esto incluye su comportamiento de escucha, los tiempos de acceso, las páginas visitadas, los términos de búsqueda ingresados, las preferencias de canales, la pausa durante los deportes, las descargas, inicios de melodías, la hora del día en que se usan los servicios, los servicios de datos meteorológicos marinos o de aviación, los patrones y condiciones de conducir su vehículo, los videos vistos y la duración de tiempo en que los ve.
Cookies y otras Tecnologías de Archivar Localmente
Cookies – las Cookies son pequeños archivos de texto que ayudan a almacenar las preferencias del usuario. Estos archivos se almacenan localmente en su dispositivo cuando usted utiliza el sitio web o algunos Dispositivos Habilitados para Internet para acceder a los Servicios. Estas tecnologías pueden almacenar un identificador único para un dispositivo que nos permite reconocer el dispositivo cada vez que regresa a ese Servicio. Estas tecnologías se pueden utilizar para muchos fines, como la recopilación automática de Información de Uso, la habilitación de funciones, la propagación de anuncios en línea para usted y recordar sus preferencias. Nosotros, nuestros proveedores de servicios o empresas de terceros con quienes tenemos una relación comercial podemos usar cookies y otras tecnologías para ayudarnos a administrar y reportar sobre su interacción con los Servicios, asegurar y mejorar los Servicios, estudiar la efectividad de nuestras comunicaciones con clientes, mantener la integridad de los Servicios, administar múltiples instancias de los Servicios en un solo navegador, recopilar y reportar sobre información estadística agregada, medir análisis de fallas y otra información relacionada con el mantenimiento, administración y rendimiento de anuncios recopilados por la Compañía en otros sitios o entregados por o a través de los Servicios, y personalizar su experiencia de los Servicios, como reconocerlo cuando regrese a los Servicios. Otra información que recopilamos puede incluir direcciones de protocolo de Internet (IP), tipo de navegador, proveedor de servicios de Internet (ISP), páginas de referencia/salida, sistema operativo y estampa de fecha/hora. Usted puede limitar las cookies en su dispositivo ajustando la configuración de su navegador de Internet o mediante las configuraciones que hacemos disponibles en nuestro sitio web. Usted deberá indicar sus preferencias para cada dispositivo o navegador que utilice. Si usted elige deshabilitar las cookies o ajustar su configuración de privacidad en su dispositivo, es posible que algunas características de un Servicio no funcionen tan bien. Para obtener más información sobre las cookies y la gestión de cookies en general, visite http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Etiquetas Web - en nuestras páginas web y mensajes de correo electrónico se pueden incluir imágenes gráficas pequeñas u otro código de programación web denominado balizas web (también conocidas como "GIF 1x1" o "GIF transparentes"). Las etiquetas web o tecnologías similares se pueden utilizar para una serie de propósitos, incluyendo, pero no limitados a, contar los visitantes de un Servicio, monitorear cómo los usuarios navegan por un Servicio, contar cuántos correos electrónicos enviados se abrieron o contar cuántos videos o enlaces en particular se vieron.
Baliza Electrónica  - las balizas electrónicas son pequeñas transmisores inalámbricos que utilizan tecnología Bluetooth de baja energía para enviar señales a otros dispositivos inteligentes que se encuentran cerca y pueden ser utilizados por aplicaciones móviles para ayudar a localizar la ubicación física de un dispositivo. Podemos usar balizas electrónicas cuando su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet interactúa con los Servicios, generalmente a través de una aplicación móvil, para brindarle anuncios relevantes y, en algunos casos, podemos compartir datos de balizas con terceros, incluso para brindarle anuncios basados ¿¿en su ubicación.
Kits de Desarrollo de Software (SDKs) -  los SDKs son un paquete de software que contiene un conjunto de herramientas que se pueden usar para ayudar a crear aplicaciones e implementar nuevas funciones en las aplicaciones existentes. Estas herramientas se pueden usar para crear y operar funciones que recopilan información de su dispositivo.
Recopilación de Datos de Dispositivos Móviles -  Nosotros utilizamos SDKs y herramientas similares para recopilar información de dispositivos móviles, como el modelo de hardware, el sistema operativo y la versión, los números de identificación asignados a su dispositivo móvil, como la ID para publicidad (IDFA) en dispositivos Apple, y el ID de publicidad en dispositivos Android, información de red móvil y comportamiento de uso del sitio web. Además, podemos utilizar una variedad de otras tecnologías que recopilan información similar con fines de seguridad, detección de fraude y mantenimiento.
En adición, podemos utilizar una variedad de otras tecnologías que recopilan Información de Uso e información similar con fines de seguridad y detección de fraude.
Cuadros de Chat: cuando participa en nuestro Chat de Atención al Cliente, la Compañía puede guardar y usar sus comunicaciones y la información que proporciona para ayudarlo y brindarle soporte relacionado con su cuenta, suscripción o los Servicios, para mejorar los Servicios y servicios, y con fines de mercadeo.
Información de Ubicación – Cuando usted utiliza un Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet para acceder a los Servicios, nosotros recopilamos su ubicación aproximada ("aproximada") a través de su dirección IP. No recopilamos la geolocalización precisa de su dispositivo móvil o su vehículo sin su consentimiento. Si accede a los Servicios a través de un Radio Habilitado en su vehículo y su vehículo está configurado para proporcionar información de geolocalización precisa, verá un aviso de la recopilación de datos de ubicación precisos en la pantalla de bienvenida del Radio Habilitad oantes de su primer uso. Al elegir "ESCUCHA AHORA" o al realizar otra acción afirmativa para continuar más allá de la pantalla en la que se indica expresamente la recopilación de la ubicación precisa, aceptas que tengamos acceso a tu ubicación precisa hasta que tomes medidas para deshabilitar la transmisión de datos de geolocalización. La transmisión de geolocalización puede desactivarse en la configuración del sistema SiriusXM de su Radio Habilitado o por otros medios designados por el fabricante de su automóvil. Si deshabilita las herramientas de ubicación y continúa utilizando Traffic, Travel Link y los Servicios relacionados mientras conduce, no podremos brindarle la funcionalidad óptima de estos Servicios.
Información que Nosotros Recibimos o Recopilamos de Terceros
Nosotros podemos recibir información sobre usted de nuestras subsidiarias, proveedores de servicios, empresas de terceros con las que tenemos una relación comercial (como fabricantes de vehículos, distribuidores, empresas de reparación de vehículos, patrocinadores o licenciantes), minoristas, redes y agencias de publicidad, empresas de mercadeo, y proveedores de datos. Por ejemplo, podemos recibir su nombre, dirección postal, dirección de correo electrónico y/o número de teléfono de un fabricante de automóviles o distribuidor en relación con su compra de un vehículo con una suscripción de prueba a los Servicios. Nosotros también podemos suplementar la información que recopilamos con registros externos de terceros, como anunciantes y agencias de publicidad, bases de datos públicas, páginas de redes sociales disponibles públicamente y proveedores de datos de terceros que mejoran la información que tenemos sobre usted. Nosotros podemos combinar y almacenar la información complementaria con otra información que ya hayamos recibido o recopilado de usted, para su uso como se establece en esta Política de Privacidad.
Interacciones de las Redes Sociales - Los Servicios pueden facilitar interacciones con un sitio web o servicio interactivo de terceros ("Redes Sociales"), lo que puede incluir la habilidad de que usted haga clic en "Me gusta" o "comparta" contenido. Si elige publicar información en una plataforma de redes sociales, esa información será pública. Usted también puede tener la oportunidad de conectar su cuenta con un servicio de redes sociales (por ejemplo, Facebook o Twitter). Cuando usted interactúa con las Redes Sociales a través de los Servicios, podemos recibir información sobre usted de ese servicio de Redes Sociales y ellos pueden configurar sus propias cookies y recopilar información sobre su uso de los Servicios, incluyendo su dirección IP u otro Identificador de Dispositivo y qué página usted está visitando en un Servicio. Estas plataformas de Redes Sociales pueden recopilar cierta información sobre sus visitas al Servicio, independientemente de si interactúa o no afirmativamente con la función y de si ha iniciado sesión (o tiene) una cuenta en la plataforma de Redes Sociales.
La información recopilada y almacenada por un tercero está sujeta únicamente a las prácticas de privacidad de dicho tercero. La Compañía no es responsable y no asumirá ninguna responsabilidad si un tercero recopila, usa o comparte cualquier información sobre usted en violación de su propia política de privacidad o cualquier ley, regla o acuerdo aplicable.
COMO USAMOS LA INFORMACIóN
Nosotros podemos utilizar la información que recopilamos u obtenemos, incluida la Información de Uso y la información personal, para:
facilitar su uso y acceso a los Servicios, incluso para determinar su elegibilidad para recibir el servicio, procesar su registro y verificar la información que nos envía, permitirle administrar su cuenta y suscripciones, mantener su perfil de oyente, enviarle su servicio- y comunicaciones relacionadas con la cuenta, y brindar servicio al cliente, incluyendo la comunicación directa con usted sobre cualquier consulta o solicitud que nos envíe;
proporcionarle información, ofertas especiales, extensiones de servicio, promociones o nuevos productos o servicios ofrecidos por nosotros o por entidades de terceros que creemos que pueden ser de su interés;
mejorar su experiencia en los Servicios y personalizar la escucha y las recomendaciones y comunicaciones de contenido;
administrar y mejorar los Servicios, y para fines comerciales internos, como desarrollar nuevos productos y servicios, realizar estudios de mercado, analizar y producir informes estadísticos y medir la eficacia de nuestros esfuerzos de mercadeo
entender cómo usted usa los Servicios, incluyendo la identificación de áreas populares y el análisis de tendencias y patrones de uso;
identificar y conectarlo a usted, su cuenta o su perfil de oyente a los Servicios para los que es elegible para recibir;
adaptar la ubicación y el contenido de los anuncios a usted, sus intereses o su ubicación en los Servicios u otros sitios y aplicaciones, y monitorear y controlar la entrega, el rendimiento y la frecuencia de los anuncios;
investigar y prevenir transacciones fraudulentas y otras actividades ilegales o actividades que violen nuestras políticas;
identificar, diagnosticar y arreglar problemas técnicos;
contactarlo con respecto a su uso de los Servicios, nuestros acuerdos con usted, incluyendo el Acuerdo del Cliente y los Términos de Uso del Sitio Web, o cambios en nuestras políticas;
para cumplir con nuestras políticas, procedimientos y obligaciones legales, incluyendo el cumplimiento de las solicitudes de las autoridades gubernamentales, los requisitos reglamentarios y el cumplimiento de nuestros acuerdos y políticas; y
cumplir con los propósitos divulgados en el momento en que proporciona su información personal o de otra manera con su consentimiento.
Nosotros también podemos usar información no personal a nuestra discreción, incluso para identificar satélites u otras interrupciones del servicio, y para servir, monitorear y reportar sobre publicidad general, regional o contextual, y para permitir que otros lo hagan.
COMO COMPARTIMOS LA INFORMACION
Nosotros compartimos información no personal, que puede incluir Información de Uso o información que ha sido desidentificada o seudonimizada, con terceros a nuestra discreción según lo permita la ley, incluyendo el pago de artistas y propietarios de derechos al informar información de escucha agregada o no identificada a propietarios de derechos de autor y agencias de licencias o con fines publicitarios específicos.
Podemos compartir la información personal que hemos recopilado sobre usted tal como se le reveló en el momento en que proporcionó su información o como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad, y en las siguientes circunstancias:
Subsidiarias y Entidades Affiliadas
Podemos compartir información con nuestras afiliadas y subsidiarias con fines comerciales, analíticos, de marketing, operativos y publicitarios, y para ofrecer, proporcionar y mejorar los servicios y productos ofrecidos tanto de forma individual como conjunta.
Terceros No Afiliados
A menos que se indique lo contrario, nosotros podemos compartir su información personal con terceros no afiliados para sus propios fines comerciales y de mercadeo. Estos terceros pueden incluir empresas a las que otorgamos licencias de contenido de audio. El uso de la información personal por parte de un tercero está sujeto a su política de privacidad y prácticas de datos. Puede optar por no compartir su información para mercadeo de terceros a través de su Centro de Cuentas En Línea o enviando una solicitud por correo electrónico para optar por no compartir su información para mercadeo de terceros a privacy@siriusxm.com. Las solicitudes de exclusión recibidas a través de estos canales pueden tardar hasta 15 días hábiles en procesarse. Residentes de California, consulten la sección a continuación titulada AVISO PARA RESIDENTES DE CALIFORNIA para obtener información adicional.
Como parte de su elección de aceptar una oferta promocional para un servicio ofrecido por un tercero no afiliado como parte de un servicio premium de SiriusXM u otro servicio de suscripción, compartiremos con el tercero solo la información requerida para confirmar su elegibilidad para el servicio asociado y para mantener su acceso a la promoción en función del estado de suscripción de SiriusXM asociado, a menos que dé su consentimiento expreso para compartir más.
Cuando nos da su consentimiento o nos indica que compartamos su información
Nosotros podemos compartir su información personal cuando usted da su consentimiento expreso o nos indica que lo hagamos. Por ejemplo, se le puede presentar la opción de compartir su información con un tercero proveedor de contenido en el que haya expresado interés. Tenga en cuenta que no somos responsables de las prácticas de privacidad de dichos terceros, y debe consultar la política de privacidad del tercero para obtener información sobre cómo usarán su información. Si luego decide que ya no desea recibir comunicaciones de un tercero, deberá comunicarse con ese tercero directamente.
Cuando Usted Postea Contenido Públicamente
Los Servicios pueden ofrecer tableros de mensajes, chats, foros y otras áreas públicas ("Foros de la Comunidad") donde puede optar por interactuar con otros y/o publicar o enviar contenido. Tenga en cuenta que todo lo que decida divulgar en dicho Foro de la Comunidad es público. Puede ser visto, recopilado y utilizado por otros y no se aplicarán las protecciones de esta Política de Privacidad. Piense cuidadosamente antes de publicar y tenga cuidado antes de revelar cualquier información personal.
Radiodifusión Pública/Al Aire
Si usted nos proporciona información al realizar una solicitud, como solicitar que una canción u otro contenido sea difundido en los Servicios, podemos usar la información que proporcione de acuerdo con esta Política, incluso para anunciar su nombre y solicitud en el aire.
Provedores de Servicios
Podemos compartir información con proveedores de servicios de terceros o permitir que esos terceros recopilen información sobre usted, para permitirles realizar servicios en nuestro nombre, como el alojamiento de sitios web, la realización de análisis de uso del sitio web, las llamadas de apoyo para el servicio al cliente, el envío de correo, correo electrónico, texto u otras comunicaciones, cumplimiento de pedidos, prestación de asistencia de mercadeo y análisis de datos, procesamiento de pagos, realización de actividades de cobro y otros servicios. Además, podemos compartir diversa información relacionada con nuestros usuarios y actividades fraudulentas o potencialmente fraudulentas con nuestros proveedores de servicios de prevención de fraude y similares, y ellos utilizarán esta información para ayudarnos a nosotros y a sus otros clientes a prevenir transacciones fraudulentas e ilegales.
Sorteos, Concursos, Promociones y Encuestas
Nosotros podemos ofrecer sorteos, concursos, eventos en el estudio, obsequios, encuestas de investigación y otras promociones (cualquiera, una "Promoción") que pueden requerir registro y/o proporcionar cierta información personal. Al participar en una Promoción, usted acepta las disposiciones, condiciones o reglas oficiales que rigen la Promoción, que pueden contener requisitos específicos (que incluyen, excepto donde lo prohíba la ley, permitirnos a nosotros o a un patrocinador divulgado en el momento de la Promoción, a usar su nombre, voz, semejanza u otros indicios de personalidad en materiales publicitarios o de mercadeo). Si elige participar en una Promoción, la información personal puede divulgarse a terceros o al público en relación con la administración de dicha Promoción, lo que incluye, entre otros, en conexión con la selección del ganador, el cumplimiento del premio, según lo exija la ley, o como permitido por los términos de la Promoción o las reglas oficiales (como en una lista de ganadores).
Razones Administrativas y Legales
Nosotros podemos divulgar información personal a terceros: (i) para cumplir con una obligación legal, como responder a una citación válida u otro proceso legal o si creemos de buena fe que la ley lo exige; (ii) en respuesta a una solicitud legítima de una autoridad legal, reguladora o gubernamental que realiza una investigación; (iii) para proteger, hacer cumplir o defender nuestros acuerdos, incluido el Acuerdo del Cliente, los Términos de Uso del Sitio Web u otras políticas aplicables a nuestros Servicios; (iv) para responder a una emergencia; (v) para proteger la seguridad, los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de la Compañía, nuestros empleados o contratistas, nuestras subsidiarias o nuestros clientes, o el público; o (vi) para proteger contra el fraude o para realizar manejo de riesgos. En el curso de cualquiera de los anteriores, también podemos usar Identificadores de Dispositivos, incluyendo las direcciones IP, para identificar a los usuarios, y podemos hacerlo en cooperación con los propietarios de los derechos de autor, los proveedores de servicios de Internet, los proveedores de servicios inalámbricos o las fuerzas del orden a nuestra discreción.
Nosotros podemos compartir información no personal, que puede incluir Información de uso u otra información que haya sido desidentificada o seudonimizada, con terceros a nuestra discreción y según lo permita la ley, incluso con fines publicitarios dirigidos. Residentes de California, consulten la sección titulada AVISO PARA LOS RESIDENTES DE CALIFORNIA para obtener información adicional.
Transición de Negocio
En caso de que la Compañía pase por una transición de negocios, la Compañía se reserva el derecho de divulgar y transferir toda la información personal relacionada con los Servicios (incluyendo, sin limitarse a, durante el curso de cualquier proceso de diligencia debida): (i) a un propietario posterior, co-propietario u operador de un Servicio o base de datos aplicable; o (ii) en relación con una fusión corporativa, consolidación, reestructuración, quiebra, la venta de ciertos intereses de propiedad de la Compañía, activos o ambos, u otro cambio de compañía. Al proporcionar su información, comprende y acepta que podemos transferir dicha información a la entidad adquirente sin su consentimiento adicional.
EMPRESAS DE ANÁLISIS Y PUBLICIDAD DE TERCEROS
Nosotros trabajamos con empresas de terceros (como anunciantes, agencias de publicidad, proveedores de análisis y otras entidades de publicidad) para publicar anuncios y ofertas de los Servicios en otras propiedades y aplicaciones, para publicar anuncios de terceros en los Servicios y para brindarnos información con respecto al uso de los Servicios y la efectividad de nuestros anuncios. Estos terceros pueden configurar y acceder a sus propias tecnologías de seguimiento en su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet (incluyendo cookies y balizas electrónicas), y de otro modo pueden recopilar o tener acceso a Información de Uso y otra información sobre usted, parte de la cual puede ser información personal bajo varias leyes estatales. Algunas de estos terceros pueden recopilar información personal a lo largo del tiempo cuando usted visita los Servicios u otros sitios web y servicios en línea. Nosotros podemos compartir información, usualmente información que ha sido seudonimizada o anonimizada (incluyendo direcciones de correo electrónico codificadas), Información de Uso e información general de ubicación con empresas de publicidad de terceros, proveedores de análisis y otros terceros con el fin de brindarle anuncios más relevantes dentro y fuera de los Servicios.
Tiene los siguientes métodos para elegir la recopilación de datos por parte de estos terceros publicitarios o analíticos a través de los Servicios:
Cuando usted selecciona el modo "Incógnito" en las aplicaciones móviles para la transmisión, continuaremos recopilando su Información de Uso relacionada con las interacciones para su experiencia con la aplicación; pero no lo utilizaremos para nuestros fines de mercadeo y no lo compartiremos con terceros para fines de mercadeo.
Configuración de Cookies – La Compañía ofrece a los visitantes del sitio web de la Compañía la habilidad de excluirse de la recopilación de información personal por parte de cookies de terceros colocadas en nuestro sitio web para cierta publicidad dirigida y fines similares. Puede realizar cambios en las categorías de cookies que utilizamos (con la excepción de las cookies estrictamente necesarias) iniciando la Configuración de Cookies desde el pie de página de nuestras páginas web.
“Opt-outs: de Programas de Autorregulación – Nosotros podemos trabajar con una variedad de empresas para publicar anuncios. Algunas de estas empresas son miembros de Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") o del Programa de Autorregulación de Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") para la publicidad de conducta en línea y es posible que usted desee visitar las siguientes páginas web, que brindan mecanismos de “opt-out” para empresas participantes: https://optout.networkadvertising.org y https://optout.aboutads.info.
“Opt Outs” de Dispositivos Móviles –  Los dispositivos móviles pueden contener configuraciones que le permiten deshabilitar el rastreo de publicidad y/o análisis. El fabricante de su dispositivo móvil también puede proporcionar métodos para optar por no recibir publicidad en función de sus intereses individuales a través de su dispositivo móvil. Si está utilizando un dispositivo basado en iOS y no desea recibir anuncios personalizados para usted o sus intereses individuales, puede limitar estos anuncios habilitando "Limitar Rastreo de Anuncios" en su dispositivo iOS siguiendo estas instrucciones de Apple. Si está utilizando un dispositivo basado en Android y no desea recibir anuncios personalizados para usted o sus intereses individuales, puede visitar la página de configuración de anuncios de Google desde un navegador en su dispositivo basado en Android y hacer sus elecciones allí. Además, la industria de la publicidad digital ha brindado a los usuarios móviles la posibilidad de registrar su intención de no recibir publicidad dirigida en https://youradchoices.com.
Google Analytics – Nosotros utilizamos Google Analytics, que utiliza cookies y tecnologías similares para recopilar y analizar información sobre el uso de los Servicios y reportar sobre actividades y tendencias. Este servicio también puede recopilar información sobre el uso de otros sitios web, aplicaciones y servicios en línea. Usted puede conocer las prácticas de Google visitando https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=es, e inhabilitarlas descargando el complemento de inhabilitación para navegadores de Google Analytics, disponible en http:// www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Por favor tenga en cuenta que sus opciones de exclusión son específicas del navegador y del dispositivo; si deshabilita sus cookies, actualiza su navegador después de optar por no participar o si usa varios dispositivos habilitados para Internet diferentes, opte por no participar en cada dispositivo y cada navegador por separado. Además, optar por no participar a través de estos mecanismos no lo excluye de recibir publicidad y continuará recibiendo anuncios genéricos mientras esté en línea. Ciertos estados proporcionan derechos adicionales. Consulte la Sección 14: Sus Derechos de Privacidad según las Leyes Estatales para conocer los derechos adicionales que puede tener.
“DO NOT TRACK” Y SEÑALES DE CONTROL DE PRIVACIDAD GLOBALES
No rastrear (“Do Not Track”) – Usted debe tener en cuenta que la configuración de su navegador puede permitirle transmitir automáticamente una señal de "No rastrear" a los sitios web y servicios en línea que visita. Cuando elige activar la configuración "No rastrear" en su navegador, su navegador enviará una señal a sitios web, proveedores de análisis, redes publicitarias, proveedores de complementos y otros proveedores de servicios web que encuentre mientras navega para detener el seguimiento de su actividad. Para obtener más información y configurar "Do Not Track", visite http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Control de privacidad global-  el Control de Privacidad Global ("GPC") es una especificación técnica en la configuración de su navegador que puede usar para informar automáticamente a los sitios web sobre sus preferencias de privacidad con respecto al rastreo en línea de terceros. Para obtener más información y configurar GPC, visite https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#about.
SUS OPCIONES AL UTLIZAR LOS SERVICIOS DE LA EMPRESA
Usted tiene las siguientes opciones con respecto a nuestra recopilación y uso de la información personal recopilada:
Radios Habilitados – Usted puede limitar cierta data transmitido por el Radio Habilitado en su vehículo mediante las configuraciones de privacidad provistos en su vehículo.  Por favor comunicase con el fabricante o concesionario directamente para más información.
Correos electrónicos y Boletines - Usted puede optar por no recibir correos electrónicos y boletines de mercadeo siguiendo las instrucciones de exclusión proporcionadas en esos correos electrónicos o visitando el Centro de Preferencias de Comunicaciones por correo electrónico de SiriusXM en www.siriusxm.com/emailpreferences. Tenga en cuenta que incluso si opta por no recibir correos electrónicos de mercadeo, continuaremos enviándole comunicaciones transaccionales relacionadas con su suscripción, cuenta o uso de los Servicios, como avisos de renovación, anuncios administrativos y de servicio.
Telemercadeo y Mensajes Móviles- Usted puede optar por no recibir llamadas de ventas de telemercadeo colocando su número de teléfono en nuestra lista "No llamar" siguiendo las instrucciones en nuestra Política "No llamar" disponible aquí. Es posible que tengamos más de un número de teléfono registrado para usted o los miembros de su hogar; debe especificar todos los números de teléfono a los que nos indica que no llamemos. Aunque su solicitud se procesará de inmediato, puede tomar hasta 10 días eliminar su información de las listas activas de telemercadeo y solicitaciones que están en proceso. Tenga en cuenta: es posible que continúe recibiendo llamadas de servicio y asuntos relacionados con la cuenta.
Si se registra para recibir nuestros mensajes SMS, MMS o RCS, puede darse de baja de cualquier mensaje SMS, MMS o RCS recibido respondiendo "STOP".
Con su consentimiento, podemos enviar notificaciones push o alertas promocionales y no promocionales a su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet. Puede optar por dejar de recibir esos mensajes cambiando la configuración de notificación en su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet.
Correo – Si usted prefiere no recibir ofertas de mercadeo por correo directo, visite la sección de comunicaciones en su Centro de Cuentas En Línea para indicar su preferencia. Por favor tenga en cuenta que dichas solicitudes deben renovarse cada tres (3) años. Tenga en cuenta que, incluso si nos dice que no desea recibir nuestro correo de mercadeo, continuaremos enviándole comunicaciones transaccionales relacionadas con su suscripción, cuenta o uso de los Servicios, como renovaciones, anuncios administrativos y de servicios.
Preferencias de Contacto – Usted puede administrar cómo usamos su información personal para contactarlo configurando sus preferencias de contacto. Visite aquí para obtener información adicional e instrucciones sobre cómo hacerlo.
Otros Derechos de Privacidad - Residentes de California, Nevada y Virginia: Por favor revise Sección 14 – Sus Derechos de Privacidad Bajo las Leyes Estatales para más información sobre derechos adicionales que usted pueda tener.
CAMBIANDO SU INFORMACIóN
Usted es responsable de mantener la veracidad de la información que nos envía, como la información de contacto que ha proporcionado para su cuenta. Si desea realizar cambios o actualizaciones en su información personal, visite Sirius XM Listener Care en línea en http://www.siriusxm.com/contactus, o entra a su Centro de Cuentas En Línea para actualizar su información. Si no puede administrar su cuenta en línea, llámenos al 1-855-539-SIRIUS (1-888-539-7474) o al 1-800-XM-RADIO (1-800-967-2346). Tenga en cuenta que cuando edita su información personal o cambia sus preferencias, la información que elimine puede persistir internamente para ciertos fines administrativos o dentro de los medios de copia de seguridad. Si ha realizado publicaciones públicas en una plataforma de redes sociales o un foro comunitario, esas comunicaciones generalmente no se pueden eliminar.
CONTENIDO DE TERCROS, DE SITIOS WEB Y DE DISPOSITIVOS
En ciertos casos, los Servicios pueden estar asociados con o suscriptores directos a contenido que es servido por otra parte o enlaces a contenido de terceros o sitios web que la Compañía no controla, como revendedores de los Servicios o radios utilizados para brindar los Servicios. servicios promocionales de terceros aceptados por usted como beneficio de su suscripción a SiriusXM, o patrocinadores u otras empresas de terceros que pueden mostrar nuestro logotipo como parte de una relación comercial de marca compartida.
Se puede acceder a los Servicios a través de Dispositivos Habilitados para Internet de terceros, como decodificadores o reproductores multimedia conectados, televisores inteligentes, bocinas u otros dispositivos inteligentes, consolas de juegos u otros dispositivos similares. Estos operadores externos y proveedores de contenido utilizan sus propias cookies u otras tecnologías de rastreo en su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet, y pueden recopilar datos de forma independiente sobre usted y su uso de su contenido, sitios web, dispositivos o servicios. Su recopilación y uso de su información está sujeto a sus políticas de privacidad. La Compañía no es responsable de las prácticas de privacidad empleadas por terceros.
Uso de Técnicas de Encuadre -  algunas empresas de terceros con las que tenemos una relación comercial pueden utilizar técnicas de encuadre para ofrecer contenido hacia y desde páginas web a las que se puede acceder a través de nuestros Servicios, al mismo tiempo que preservan la apariencia de nuestro sitio web. Tenga en cuenta que si un tercero utiliza técnicas de encuadre, está proporcionando su información personal al tercero y no a la Compañía.
SEGURIDAD
Nosotros implementamos medidas técnicas y organizacionales comercialmente razonable diseñados a asegurar su información personal. Sin embargo, ningún transmisión de data sobre el Internet, transmisión inalámbrica o almacenamiento electrónica de información se puede garantizar como 100% Segura.  La Compañía no puede asegurar ni garantizar la seguridad de cualquier información que recopilamos.  Usted usa los Servicios y nos provee información a su propio riesgo.
RETENCIÓN
Nosotros conservaremos su información personal durante el tiempo que tenga una cuenta, mantenga un perfil de oyente con nosotros o continúe utilizando los Servicios, y durante el tiempo que sea razonablemente necesario para los fines establecidos en esta política; para brindarle asistencia y brindarle acceso a los Servicios; ejercer las opciones y derechos que ha solicitado; cumplir con nuestras obligaciones contractuales; resolver disputas y hacer cumplir nuestro Acuerdo de cliente y Términos de Uso; y cumplir con los requisitos legales, financieros y reglamentarios.
LIMITACIONES TERRITORIALES
SIRIUS XM RADIO SE CONTROLA Y OPERA DESDE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS Y LA INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOPILAMOS SE RIGE POR LAS LEYES DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS. LOS SERVICIOS ESTÁN DISEÑADOS PARA USO ÚNICAMENTE POR RESIDENTES DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS. NO PRETENDEMOS RECOPILAR NI ALMACENAR, Y NO PROCESAMOS A NUESTRO CONOCIMIENTO, INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL DE CONSUMIDORES O USUARIOS QUE SON RESIDENTES DE PAÍSES FUERA DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS.
Si no es residente de los Estados Unidos, no interactúe con los Servicios ni nos proporcione su información personal.
Podemos recopilar información asociada con un Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet para limitar la distribución territorial de nuestros servicios, pero no asociamos dicha información con el dueño de un dispositivo o la residencia de ningún país en particular. Estamos obligados a rastrear si está intentando acceder a los Servicios mientras se encuentra fuera de los Estados Unidos utilizando un Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet. Si recibimos información de la ubicación de su Dispositivo Habilitado para Internet que indica que se encuentra fuera de los Estados Unidos, podemos bloquear su acceso a los Servicios desde ese dispositivo en particular. Si intenta acceder a los Servicios cuando se encuentra fuera de los Estados Unidos, utilizaremos su dirección IP con el interés legítimo de permitir o denegar el acceso a contenido restringido geográficamente dentro de nuestros Servicios. Si deshabilita dicha geolocalización en su Dispositivo habilitado para Internet y no tenemos otro método para determinar su ubicación y si se encuentra dentro de nuestro territorio de servicio, entonces no tendrá acceso a los canales restringidos geográficamente en su Dispositivo habilitado para Internet, independientemente de su localización.
CAMBIOS A LA POLITICA DE PRIVACIDAD
En la medida permitida por la ley aplicable, la Compañía se reserva el derecho de cambiar esta Política de privacidad en cualquier momento. Le notificaremos los cambios materiales mediante la publicación de la Política de Privacidad modificada o modificada en los Servicios y, de lo contrario, se lo notificaremos según lo exija la ley aplicable. También podemos enviarle un aviso de otras maneras, como a través de una dirección de correo electrónico que haya proporcionado. Cualquier cambio entrará en vigencia inmediatamente después de la publicación de la Política de Privacidad revisada, a menos que se especifique lo contrario. Su uso continuo de cualquiera de los Servicios después de la fecha de vigencia de la Política de Privacidad revisada constituirá su consentimiento a dichos cambios en la mayor medida permitida por la ley aplicable. Sin embargo, le enviaremos un aviso y obtendremos su consentimiento (opt-in o opt-out) si es necesario. Tenga en cuenta que, cuando sea aplicable, es posible que deba dar su consentimiento a una política revisada para continuar utilizando los Servicios.
SITIO PARA AUDENCIA GENERAL
Los Servicios son para una audiencia general, y nosotros no recopilamos a sabiendas información de niños menores de 18 años de edad.
SUS DERECHOS DE PRIVACIDAD BAJO DERECHOS ESTATALES
Aviso a Residentes de California
Sus Derechos en Virtud de la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California de 2018 (CCPA) y enmendada por la Ley de Derechos de Privacidad de California de 2020 (CPRA): Si es residente de California, por favor revise los Derechos de la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California que establece cierta información sobre sus derechos de privacidad en California e información adicional sobre la información personal que recopilamos y compartimos.
Sus derechos bajo Cal. civ. Code § 1798.83 (Ley Shine the Light): Los residentes de California tienen derecho a solicitar a las empresas que realizan negocios en California cierta información relacionada con terceros a los que la empresa ha revelado ciertas categorías de información personal durante el año anterior para los fines de mercadeo directa de terceros. Usted puede solicitar cierta información sobre categorías de información personal compartida por la Compañía con terceros no afiliados para los propios fines de marketing de esas partes durante el año calendario anterior y los nombres de dichos terceros.
Para hacer su solicitud, por favor escribe a: Sirius XM Radio Inc., 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10104, Attn: Legal Department – Shine the Light Privacy Request.  Solicitudes de Shine the Light que vienen de otra forma puede resultar en una respuesta retrasada.
Aviso a Residentes de Nevada
Si usted es residente de Nevada, puede aplicar límites a la venta de cierta información personal a terceros con fines de reventa o licencia, sujeto a la ley aplicable. La Compañía no vende su información personal para dicho uso. Usted tiene derecho a registrar su preferencia por los límites de dichas ventas en el futuro enviando un correo electrónico a privacy@siriusxm.com, con el asunto "Solicitud de no venta de Nevada" junto con su nombre y apellido, dirección, ciudad, estado, código postal, si es un suscriptor actual o no de SiriusXM y una dirección de correo electrónico válida para que podamos comunicarnos con usted si es necesario con respecto a su solicitud. Nota: para procesar una solicitud de un suscriptor actual o no de SiriusXM, su dirección de correo electrónico debe coincidir con la dirección de correo electrónico de su cuenta.
Aviso a Residentes de Virginia
Según lo exige la Ley de Protección de Datos del Consumidor de Virginia (VCDPA), esta Política de Privacidad describe las categorías de datos personales que procesamos, el propósito del procesamiento de datos personales, las categorías de datos personales compartidos y las categorías de terceros con quienes se almacenan los datos personales. compartido. Los residentes de Virginia tienen los siguientes derechos, todos sujetos a los significados y excepciones establecidos en la VCDPA:
Para confirmar si estamos procesando sus datos personales y para solicitar una copia de los datos personales que nos proporcionó anteriormente, hasta dos veces al año ("Derecho de acceso")
Para solicitar que eliminemos los datos personales proporcionados por usted u obtenidos sobre usted ("Derecho de Eliminación")
Para optar por no participar en el procesamiento de sus datos personales con fines de publicidad dirigida como se define en VCDPA ("Derecho a Optar por No Recibir Publicidad Dirigida")
Sirius XM puede participar en prácticas publicitarias que pueden considerarse "publicidad dirigida" según la VCDPA. Para optar por no recibir publicidad dirigida, envíe su preferencia en Sus Opciones de Privacidad Choices. Para deshabilitar el uso compartido en línea a través de cookies establecidas por terceros que pueden considerarse publicidad dirigida según la VCDPA, inicie la Configuración de Cookies desde el pie de página de nuestras páginas web.
Para optar por no participar en el procesamiento de sus datos personales con fines de venta ("Derecho de Exclusión Voluntaria de la Venta")
Sirius XM no vende datos personales a terceros a cambio de una compensación monetaria.
Para optar por no participar en procesamiento de sus datos personales a efectos de elaboración de perfiles en cumplimiento de decisiones que produzcan efectos jurídicos o de similar importancia. ("Derecho a Opor No Participar en la Elaboración de Perfiles")
SiriusXM no procesa datos personales con el fin de elaborar perfiles en cumplimiento de decisiones que produzcan efectos legales o de importancia similar.
Para optar por el procesamiento de datos confidenciales (como se define en VCDPA) ("Derecho a Optar por el Procesamiento de Datos Confidenciales").
En la medida en que SiriusXM procese datos confidenciales, obtendremos su consentimiento de conformidad con la ley de VA.
Si usted es residente de Virginia y desea ejercer cualquiera de estos derechos descritos anteriormente de conformidad con la VCDPA y las reglamentaciones de implementación adoptadas en virtud de la misma, envíe una solicitud aquí o llámenos al 800-869- 5593.
Los residentes de Virginia también tienen derecho a solicitar la corrección de los datos personales inexactos que tenemos sobre usted ("Derecho a corregir"). Este derecho puede ejercerse directamente a través de su Centro de Cuentas en Línea. Si necesita asistencia adicional, comuníquese con un agente de atención al cliente al 800-869-5593 para proporcionar la información correcta.
Apelaciones bajo VCDPA
Según el VCDPA, si, por cualquier razón, usted le gustaría apelar una decisión nuestra relacionado con su solicitud, usted tiene el derecho de someter una apelación y puede hacerlo sometiendo su solicitud aquí. Por favor provee toda la información requerida para que Podemos responder a su apelación.
AVISO A CANDIDATOS DE EMPLEO
Nosotros utilizamos proveedores de servicios de terceros, como reclutadores y agencias de empleo, así como un proveedor de servicios en línea que aloja y opera nuestro Sitio de Empleo. Si interactúa con nosotros a través del Sitio de Empleo, o nos consulta o nos envía información directamente o a través de un proveedor de servicios con respecto a un posible empleo (un "Candidato de Empleo"), nosotros o nuestros proveedores de servicios podemos recopilar y utilizar información personal sobre usted para (i) responder a sus consultas, (ii) evaluar el uso del sitio de Carreras, cuando corresponda, y (iii) cumplir con los requisitos legales con respecto a los datos del solicitante, y (iv) procesar su solicitud como candidato para un empleo en la Compañía. Podemos recopilar lo siguiente: identificación básica e información de contacto (como su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono y dirección de correo electrónico) para poder comunicarnos con usted y programar entrevistas de trabajo y mantenerlo actualizado; información demográfica; y calificaciones profesionales e información sobre su solicitud y nuestra evaluación de la misma, sus referencias, cualquier verificación que podamos hacer para verificar la información proporcionada o verificaciones de antecedentes (incluidas las verificaciones de antecedentes penales, cuando lo permitan las leyes locales) y cualquier información relacionada con su derecho a trabajar. Si corresponde, también podemos procesar información relacionada con su salud y acomodos para arreglos laborales, y cualquier otra información personal que nos proporcione voluntariamente como parte de su solicitud de empleo.
Si pasa a ser empleado de la Compañía, conservaremos y utilizaremos su información personal tal como se establece en los materiales para empleados que se le proporcionaron durante su incorporación laboral. Si no obtiene un empleo de la Compañía como resultado del proceso de solicitud para el cual se envió originalmente la información personal, su información puede conservarse únicamente con el fin de considerar futuros puestos vacantes o según sea necesario para defender y respaldar los derechos legales de Sirius XM y obligaciones, en la medida permitida por la ley. Sirius XM no vende, intercambia ni comparte para ningún propósito comercial la información personal de los Candidatos de Empleo.
CONTÁCTENOS
Si usted tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de Privacidad, por favor envía un correo electronico a privacy@siriusxm.com o escribanos al:
Sirius XM Radio Inc.
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
8550 Freeport Parkway
Irving, Texas 75063
Get SiriusXM
All Plans
Try SiriusXM for Free
Shop
Military Discount
Student Plan
Manage My Account
Login
Register
Make A Payment
Transfer Subscription
Refresh Radio
SiriusXM Corporate
About SiriusXM
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Become an Affiliate
Advertise With Us
Blog
Careers
More SiriusXM
Business
Canada
Infotainment
Boats
Planes
Fleets
Contact Us
Contact Us
Help & Support
Apple Store
Follow us on TikTok
Apple Store
Website Terms
Customer Agreement
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Do Not Call Policy
Your Privacy Choices
FCC Public File
FCC Info
Cookie Settings
© 2019 Sirius XM Radio Inc.