Skip to content
Pianist HD – One Of The Best Piano App
Pianist HD – Piano Teacher is the most enjoyable way to play with a virtual Piano on Android
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY MODEL FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application [PIANIST HD – FINGER TAP PIANO] (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by [RUBYCELL ENTERTAINMENT]. The Application is [A VIRTUAL PIANO APP FOR ANDROID.]
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if [RUBYCELL ENTERTAINMENT] is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at [PRIVACY@RUBYCELL.COM].
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@rubycell.comand we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@rubycell.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Vietnam. If you reside outside the Vietnam your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Vietnam privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@rubycell.com.
12 Replies to “Privacy Policy”
perth solar says:
June 21, 2013 at 1:56 am
Hey are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m
trying to get started and set up my own. Do you need any
html coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be really
appreciated!
Feel free to surf to my web-site … perth solar
Reply
solar power perth wa says:
June 21, 2013 at 2:12 am
I think that everything published was actually very logical.
However, what about this? suppose you wrote a catchier post title?
I am not saying your information is not good., however what if
you added a title to maybe grab folk’s attention? I mean New Pianist HD – June 2013 | Pianist HD – One Of The Best Piano App is kinda vanilla. You ought to look at Yahoo’s front
page and see how they create post headlines to grab people to click.
You might add a video or a related pic or two to grab people excited about what you’ve written. Just my opinion, it could make your website a little livelier.
Feel free to visit my web blog solar power perth wa
Reply
Linwood says:
June 21, 2013 at 11:35 pm
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger.
I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks!
My web blog :: solar panels perth prices (Linwood)
Reply
http://solarpanelscomparison.org/?tag=assembly-facilities says:
June 22, 2013 at 10:51 pm
I’m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it
up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back later on. Cheers
Feel free to visit my web blog: Welcome support for emerging renewables | Energy Pak – Solar Power :: http://solarpanelscomparison.org/?tag=assembly-facilities ::
Reply
whitening root canal teeth says:
July 1, 2013 at 11:57 pm
Does your blog have a contact page? I’m having trouble locating it but, I’d like to send you
an e-mail. I’ve got some recommendations for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great blog and I look forward to seeing it develop over time.
Reply
energy efficient windows says:
July 4, 2013 at 9:02 am
magnificent issues altogether, you simply won a new reader.
What might you recommend in regards to your publish that you made a few
days ago? Any certain?
Also visit my site … energy efficient windows
Reply
Indiana says:
August 11, 2014 at 8:22 pm
I see you share interesting things here, you can earn some extra cash,
your blog has big potential, for the monetizing method,
just search in google – K2 advices how to monetize a website
Reply
reyan g. moreno says:
March 21, 2015 at 2:49 pm
nice
Reply
maddi says:
April 18, 2015 at 8:11 pm
ôkks’snxk
Reply
al akans says:
September 12, 2015 at 9:10 pm
This app is helping me learn to play the songs I liked.
Is there a way i can pay for it so you don’t collect
personal information
to share it with third parties?
Reply
pariyadi says:
September 19, 2015 at 3:19 pm
Senang bermain sama keluaega
Reply
Beatrice quansah says:
October 5, 2015 at 6:23 am
pls i really want this app bt i can’t seem to b able to download it….help pls..
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Proudly powered by WordPress