Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationMuzio Player (previously Audio Beats Player)Privacy Policy Welcome to Apps10X. Your privacy is important to us.Apps10X ("Apps10X", "we", "us", and "our") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you"). We built the Music Player - Mp3 Player app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Apps10X at no cost and is intended for use as is.This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Apps10X deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the'Google Play'Platform).Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT 1. Personal InformationWe made apps with your privacy in mind, so we do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number, email address or precise geographic location.In situations, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.2. Non-Personal InformationWe may collect Non-Personal Information (non-PII). “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual. We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertisingTHIRD-PARTY This Policy only covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. We shall not be liable for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information by any third parties. Although we don’t collect any Personal Information, the Applications, the Services and the Site use third party services, which may do so.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app :FirebaseAdMobFacebook Audience NetworkBy agreeing to the Terms & Conditions/ Privacy Policy of Muzio Player (previously Audio Beats Player) (Apps10X), you acknowledge to use the services and agree to the privacy policies of the above mentioned SDK’s.LOG DATAWe want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. This data is collected to monitor the app’s performance, identify causes for app crashes and overall improvement of the app. This data can also be sent manually from within the app when the user intends to do so. In such a case that the user voluntarily shares his/her device's log data, he/she will be contacting us by sending a mail to audiobeatsapp@gmail.com. The email id of the sender, the contents of the mail are maintained with utmost confidentiality and are not shared or sold to third parties.COOKIESCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services such as advertisements. You have the option to either accept or refuse the use of these cookies. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATIONPersonal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we will not use your personal information in any way.Non- Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:To personalize user experience- We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site and develop new services;To further develop our business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.PERMISSIONSRead phone state: to pause playback for calls.Wake lock: keep phone awake during the playback.Internet: Fabric analytics and serving Ads.Read and write internal and external storage: to delete media as per user requirement and read media files.Access network state: verify internet connectivity.Camera permission: For capturing picture for edit album art or artist art directly through the app.LINKS TO OTHER SITESThis Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.CHILDREN'S PRIVACYThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.SECURITYWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and within the app. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. CONTACT US If you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means or if you have concern about your PII being misused, please feel free to email us at audiobeatsapp@gmail.com, we will endeavour to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.Playstore Link:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.shaiban.audioplayer.mplayerLast Updated: 15th July, 2020Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse