Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Appmind Apps collect, use, maintain and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of our Mobile Applications ("Apps"). This privacy policy applies to the Apps and all products and services offered by Appmind, including its website.
By using the Apps or accessing the website you accept this policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use our apps or website.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our apps.
We may automatically collect:
Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location in order to present you with local content.
Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, device identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.
Non-personal identification information
When this app is in use (or running in the background) we collect and share with our business partners certain device and location data: Precise location data of the device, WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in your proximity, device-based advertising identifiers, app names and/or identifiers, and information about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time zone, carrier, and IP address. That data may be used for the following purposes:
(a) to customize and measure ads in apps and other advertising;
(b) for app and user analytics;
(c) for disease prevention, and cyber-security;
(d) for market, civic or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, and
(e) to generate proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes.
Cookies
Appmind also automatically collects your IP address and referring website address, browser type, domain name and website/App access frequency. This information is intended to help facilitate your experience. In order to do so our Apps uses cookies, which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your device when you visit a website/use an app.
Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. Our Apps may use both session cookies (disappear after you close your browser) and persistent cookies (used by your browser on subsequent visits).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your settings (e.g. navigating in anonymous mode or changing your IDFA settings). Our Apps uses cookies to track usage patterns and to control the display of ads, as well as to offer other functionalities.
Third parties that advertise goods or services in our App or website may also use cookies to track your use of the Service. Advertisers may also use cookies to track your online activities across websites over time to provide interest-based advertising.
How we use collected information
Our Apps may collect and use device information for the following purposes:
To improve app and website behavior to tailor it better to your needs.
The app can share collected location and bluetooth data for Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users based on their app activity and location data over time
More about data collection control and opt-out at aboutads.info
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our apps.
To prevent the collection of Location Information on iOS mobile devices, disable the location services feature on the settings of your device.
To prevent the collection of Location Information on Android devices disable Bluetooth and Location.
On iOS devices you can opt-out from any interest-based advertising. Go on Settings. Privacy, Advertising and then click on "Limit Ad-tracking". When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests
For our partner X-Mode, in order to opt-out follow the web form at xmode.io/optout-donotsell
Sharing your personal information
We may share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:
Operate and improve their services;
License for law enforcement purposes that may use the data for public safety related issues;
Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them;
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Changes to this privacy policy
Our Apps has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our apps and websites. Your continued use of the Apps and websites following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Your rights
Pursuant to data protection laws, you have the right to access, modify, rectify and delete any of your individual data we might possess. To do so, please write to appmind.technologies@gmail.com or to:
Appmind, Lda
R. Julio Dinis, 772 - 2D
4050-055 Porto
Portugal
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
appmind.technologies@gmail.com
This document was last updated on Jan 1, 2022