Plugin
Sign In
Resonant Cavity Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 27, 2022
This policy explains Resonant Cavity LLC’s (“RC”) information practices, defines your privacy options and describes how your personal information is collected and used.
This policy covers this website (the “RC Website”) and the various web, desktop and mobile applications (collectively the “Applications”) made available by RC. The RC Website and the Applications are owned and operated by RC, a company organized under the laws of Minnesota.
Should you have privacy questions or concerns, send an email to privacychief@resonantcavity.com.
By using or visiting the RC Website or using the Applications, you agree to the collection and use of information in the manner described in this policy.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, then you should immediately discontinue use of the RC Website and the Applications without providing us with any personal information.
RC shall have right at any time and without prior notice, at its sole discretion, to revise this policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, by means of a notice the next time you log in to the RC Website, by means of a notice on the RC Website homepage or when you next activate the Application, at our discretion. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice. You are responsible for reviewing the RC Website or Applications periodically for any modifications to this policy. Any access or use of the RC Website or Applications by you after notice of modifications to this policy shall constitute and be deemed to be your agreement to such modifications.
1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This policy applies to all information collected on the RC Website, any information you provide to RC, any information you may submit to the Applications when you download the Applications or information that results from your use of the Applications. We may also collect personal information from the device that you use to access the RC Website and/or Applications and from cookies and similar technologies. We may collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
We may collect your name, username, and email address. We do NOT collect passwords; rather, we allow users to create an account through certain third-party platforms such as Facebook, Google, and Apple. If you choose to sign in using these services, information like your name, email address, profile picture, language preference, and an access token will be shared with us.
Commercial Information
We may collect your order history, including whether you have enrolled in a subscription. If you purchase a subscription through any of the Applications, subscription billing is handled by the application store through which the Application was downloaded (e.g., Apple App Store, Google Play Store).
User-generated Content
We collect the information and content of material that you share through the RC Website and the Applications. This may include information you post to your profile, voice recordings, survey responses, and messages you send to us through email or social media.
Device Information
We may collect device information when you visit the RC Website and/or use any of our Applications. Device information may include your device type, browser type, online identifiers, IP address, and geolocation information.
Internet Activity
We may collect information concerning your interaction with the RC Website and/or Applications, including when you access the RC Website and/or an Application and your browsing activity (such as which pages your visit, in what order, and for how long). This may include “traffic data” or tracking information provided by the RC Website’s host or similar providers (e.g., Google Analytics) and may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the RC Website and the Applications.
You are not required to provide all personal information in this Privacy Policy to use the RC Website or the Applications, or to interact with us, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain personal information. For example, if you do not provide certain personal information, we may not be able to respond to your requests, allow you to register an account, or provide you with promotional notices that we believe you may find valuable.
2. COOKIES AND AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION
We store certain information that gets collected automatically at our end through cookies and other similar technologies. A cookie is a small string of information that a website that you visit transfers to your browser for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity while using a website or across websites, and that information helps companies understand your preferences and tendencies, as well as improve and personalize your website experience. Some cookies are necessary to operate a website, while others can be functional or analytical. Cookies on the RC Website are generally divided into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These are required for the operation and security of the RC Website. These include, for example, cookies that optimize website security and to detect and prevent fraud.
Analytical/Performance Cookies. These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to the RC Website and understand how such users navigate through the RC Website (e.g., when and which pages are visited, in what order the pages are visited, and where a user is located).
We also use Google Analytics for part of this process. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Google provides users with the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics—learn more by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Functional Cookies. These improve the functional performance of the RC Website and make it easier for you to use. These cookies qualify as persistent cookies because they remain on your device for use during your next visit to the RC Website. You can delete these cookies as detailed below.
You can also prevent the use of certain cookies by modifying your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections “Help,” “Internet Options,” or “Settings.” If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you may still access the RC Website, however, you might not be able to access or use important functions or features of the RC Website.
We also work with third-party analytics companies and advertising networks to understand how our Applications are used and to display advertisements that we believe will be relevant to you. We use AdMob from Google for part of this process. You can opt out of personalized advertisements under the “Settings” section of our Applications.
Do-Not-Track Signals
At this time, we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which include “do-not-track” instructions.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Our primary purpose in collecting your information is to provide the RC Website and Applications to you and to provide services requested by, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our relationship with you. We may also use your personal information for the following purposes:
Managing our relationship with you;
Responding to inquiries or requests, and requesting feedback;
Administering promotions, events or surveys;
Personalizing the RC Website and the Applications (e.g., displaying your username when you login);
Providing promotional materials or other marketing that we believe may be of interest to you;
Analyzing use of the RC Website and the Applications;
Detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecuting those responsible;
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations.
4. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with the following third parties:
Service providers, including hosting providers, IT outsourcing, web analytics providers, customer relationship management providers, and marketing providers. In some instances, service providers will be directly responsible to you for their use of your personal information. They may be obliged by law to provide you with additional information regarding the personal information that they hold about you and how and why they process that information. Further information may be provided to you in a separate notice or may be obtained from such service providers directly, for example, via their websites.
Other users, your profile and information you post to your profile may be viewed by other users.
Advertising networks, to provide you with advertising that we believe may be relevant to you;
Advisers and financial institutions, including auditors, notaries, business continuity support service providers, and legal, tax, and risk and compliance advisors;
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, as part of an alternative dispute resolution process (such as mediation or arbitration), and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process.
We may also share personal information with third parties in connection with a change to the control or financial status of the company, including a corporate restructuring, sale, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, transfer, assignment of assets, or business merger or divestiture. Personal information and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
5. OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
Access to your personal data is limited to authorized RC staff and authorized third parties. RC undertakes commercially reasonable efforts to maintain reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration, or unintentional destruction. Whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. Although we seek to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized access by third parties, or other causes beyond our control.
You play an important role in keeping your information secure. You should not share your login credentials with anyone. If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, please contact us immediately at privacychief@resonantcavity.com.
6. USE OF THE RC WEBSITE AND APPLICATIONS BY CHILDREN
THE RC WEBSITE AND THE APPLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16.
If you are aware of, or suspect that, someone under the age of 16 is using the RC Website and/or the Applications without permission, please notify us immediately by contacting us at privacychief@resonantcavity.com. If you have questions or concerns about the Internet and privacy for your child, we encourage you to check out the FTC Guidelines for protecting your child’s privacy online
7. YOUR PRIVACY PREFERENCES
When you sign up as a registered user of the RC Website or Applications you may begin receiving marketing communications such as e-mail newsletters, product and service updates and promotions. Our customers generally find this type of information useful. If you do not want to receive these updates, you must “opt-out” by unchecking the “Add me to the mailing list” box on the registration page, or should you choose to opt-out after registering, you can select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email and follow the opt-out instructions or send an email to privacychief@resonantcavity.com.
You may opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device’s “Settings” menu, selecting “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the applications on your device.
8. HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
Send RC an email at privacychief@resonantcavity.com if you want to access, review, correct or delete your personally identifiable information collected by RC. You may also delete your account from our Applications or by signing into the RC Website. Please be advised that in some circumstances certain personal information may not be corrected or deleted, such as if RC is required by law to retain such information. To protect your privacy and security, RC may request information from you to verify your identity before granting you the right to access, review, make corrections to or delete your personally identifiable information.
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS
The RC Website or the Applications may contain links to other websites or other mobile applications or otherwise display third-party content. We provide such links and content for convenience only and have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection policies and practices independent from us. RC is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites or applications. Please note that these other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information, and we encourage you to review their policies before engaging with these third-party sites.
10. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the RC Website or the Applications, please contact us at privacychief@resonantcavity.com.
Privacy Policy
App Terms
Web Terms
FAQ
Jobs
Contact Us
©2023 Resonant Cavity LLC