Privacy Policy
radio.net App
Deutsche Version
Preamble
With this Privacy Policy, we would like to inform you about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and processing of your personal data when using the mobile radio.net app (hereinafter also referred to as the “App”) operated by radio.de GmbH, Mühlenkamp 59, 22303 Hamburg, Germany (hereinafter also referred to as “radio.de”, “we” and “us”). The protection of your personal data is an important matter to radio.de when collecting and processing such data while using our App.
Controller for data collection
The controller responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in accordance
with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (hereinafter also referred to as “GDPR”) is:
radio.de GmbH
Mühlenkamp 59
22303 Hamburg
Germany
E-Mail: [email protected]
Data protection officer
If you have any queries regarding the collection, processing and storage of personal data when using our App, please contact our data protection officer:
radio.de GmbH
Data protection officer
Mühlenkamp 59
22303 Hamburg
E-Mail: [email protected]
Personal data and processing of said data
This Privacy Policy relates to the collection, processing and storage of personal data as part of your use of the services provided in the App operated by radio.de.
Personal data refer to the individual details of the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person.
Different data will be collected and processed depending on the extent to which you use the App operated by us.
Personal data provided by the user
When downloading the App from the Apple App Store, a service provided by Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA (“Apple”), the Google Play Store, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”), BlackBerry World, a service provided by BlackBerry Limited, 2200 University Avenue East, Waterloo, ON N2K 0A7, Canada (“BlackBerry”) and the Windows Phone Store, a service provided by Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA (“Microsoft”), your personal data required for the respective download and typically contained in your respective Apple account, Google account, BlackBerry account or Microsoft account will be transferred to the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, BlackBerry World or the Windows Phone Store. You also have the option to download the chargeable “radio.de PRIME App” from the respective App Store provided for your mobile device. Your data required for the respective download will also be transferred to the respective App Store as part of this download.
radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. Further information about the extent of data collection by the Apple App Store can be found in the Apple App Store's Privacy Policy at: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/. Further information about the extent of data collection by the Google Play Store can be found in the Google Play Store’s Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/. Further information about the extent of data collection by BlackBerry World can be found in the BlackBerry World's Privacy Policy at https://de.blackberry.com/legal/privacy-policy. Further information about the extent of data collection by the Windows Phone Store can be found in the Windows Phone Store's Privacy Policy at https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement.
We collect, process and store your personal data when you access our App.
In order to enable effective use of the App, radio.de collects data about your use of our App in the form of so-called “server log files” (hereinafter also referred to as “Log Files”). Each attempt to access our App is therefore logged.
The Log Files generated from this process contain the following data:
- Your IP address;
- Time, type and number of station requests;
- Your mobile operating system.
The collection and processing of information stored in the Log Files will only be used for anonymised analysis for statistical purposes, i.e. to analyse your use of our App and ensure continuous improvement of our services. Such data are not attributable to you as an identified person. This data will not be merged with other data sources.
In order to be able to make full use of the content provided in our App, including in particular audio services, you may create a user profile with us. This gives you the opportunity to create a favourites list of stations and songs that you can retrieve in your user profile. This allows you to access your favourite stations quickly. We can also recommend other stations to you in accordance with your favourites list. You can amend or delete your personal data or favourites lists stated in your user profile at any time. When you create a user profile, we will collect and process the following personal data as the minimum information required:
- Your email address;
- Your user name;
- Your password.
Once you have created a user profile, you will have the option to add additional personal data to your profile on a voluntary basis:
- Your name;
- Your place of residence;
- Your gender;
- Your profile picture.
For certain functions of our App, it is necessary to collect location data regarding specific use of the App in order to be able to offer you functions and services on the App tailored to your location (such as to choose local stations, etc.). Our App therefore uses your IP address in order to determine your rough location. No conclusions can be drawn at any point about your specific location. In order to improve ads from local stations for you, our App may also access the GPS location data from your mobile device, provided you have consented to the collection of location data by granting the corresponding permission to do so on your device. This is done via a pop-up window, which is displayed to you on your mobile device’s screen when using the App. You may grant or withdraw permission to collect location data at any time in your mobile device’s settings. However, radio.de wishes to point out that in doing so it is also possible that certain functions in the App cannot be used or cannot be used in full. In addition, when the App uses your GPS data no conclusions can be drawn at any point about your specific location as the location data determined using GPS are truncated in a technical manner by radio.de.
radio.de will only use the collected location data in order to provide its services. In order to provide certain functions of the App, radio.de must therefore process your IP address and/or GPS data in order to be able to offer you these functions when you use the App. Your location will only be sent to us if, when using the App, you make use of the various functions that radio.de is able to offer you once we know your location. This so-called “geolocalisation”, i.e. the assignment of the opening of the App to the location it is opened, is performed initially using the IP address as the basis, and potentially by determining your location data via GPS as well. The collected geographical information cannot, under any circumstances, be used to determine a user’s specific place of residence. This data will not be merged with other data sources.
If your location is determined by GPS, your mobile device will typically indicate this by using a specific symbol visible on the screen. Your location will be collected, processed and stored by radio.de in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If location data are also transferred to third parties via iOS, Android, BlackBerry or Windows Phone, radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection.
When you use the content provided in our App, we will collect and process the following personal data:
- Your user profile, if created, consisting of the minimum information required and any potential additional data;
- Log files;
- Your location.
The legal basis for collecting and processing the data provided by you as specified above is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data.
As an alternative to creating your own user profile, we also offer you the opportunity to log in to our services using the “Log in with Facebook” or “Log in with Google” buttons. This means there is no need to create an additional user profile; instead, your user profile is created using your Facebook account or your Google account.
In order to log in using the “Log In With Facebook” button, you will be directed to the Facebook website, a service provided by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Facebook”), where you can log in with your user data. By doing so, this will establish a link between your Facebook profile and our App. This link ensures that we receive the basic user data saved by Facebook and approved by you for third party services, i.e. the data which are publicly visible on your Facebook profile along with your email address. We will only process and save your name and your email address and, where applicable, your gender and your profile picture from this data, provided you have given your consent for this to happen in Facebook’s settings. This information is essential for radio.de in order to be able to identity you when using your user profile. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Facebook’s privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
In order to log in using the “Log in with Google” button, you will be directed to the Google website, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”), where you can log in with your user data. By doing so, this will establish a link between your Google profile and our App. This link ensures that we receive the basic user data saved by Google and approved by you for third party services, i.e. the data which are publicly visible on your Google profile along with your email address. We will only process and save your name and your email address and, where applicable, your gender and your profile picture from this data, provided you have given your consent for this to happen in Google’ settings. This information is essential for radio.de in order to be able to identity you when using your user profile. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy notices at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
The legal basis for collecting and processing your personal data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data.
You also have the option to register for our newsletter in order to receive up-to-date and interesting radio and audio-related information. We will collect, process and save your email address as part of the registration process for our newsletter. We will only collect, process and save your email address to the extent required in order to send the newsletter and ensure the security of our systems. If you register for our newsletter, we will ask for your consent to collect, process and save your email address. You may revoke your consent at any time by contacting us using the email address stated above, or by opting out of the newsletter via the special link provided in the respective newsletter email.
The legal basis for collecting and processing your personal data is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data.
If you require assistance with regard to using our App and the content provided on it, you can contact us directly by clicking on the “Feedback & FAQs” button. This function also allows you to contact radio.de with any queries via the “Submit Query” button. By doing so, we will collect, process and store your email address and Log Files, where applicable. We will only collect, process and save your email address to the extent required in order to respond to your query and ensure the security of our systems. You can also send your feedback directly to radio.de via the “Send Feedback Email” button. As part of the feedback function, we will collect, process and store your email address and Log Files, where applicable. We will only collect, process and save your email address to the extent required in order to process your feedback and ensure the security of our systems.
The legal basis for collecting and processing your personal data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data.
Processing of personal data by third parties
radio.de works in partnership with the following external web host in order to process your data in a secure and efficient manner.
The web host is mpex GmbH, Werner-Voß-Damm 62, 12101 Berlin, Germany. mpex GmbH is certified to “ISO/IEC 27001” and “Trust in Cloud Infrastructure”. “ISO 27001” is an internationally recognised standard for information security which takes into account data security, data protection and reliability. mpex GmbH’s Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.mpex.de/impressum.html#datenschutz.
Any personal data collected as part of your use of our App will only be processed by radio.de and third parties stated in this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, radio.de will not disclose personal data to any third parties. Personal data will only be disclosed to third parties in exceptional cases where radio.de is obliged to disclose the collected data on the basis of an official or judicial order.
Purpose of the collection, processing and storage of your personal data
We will only collect, process and save your personal data to the extent required from a technical perspective in order to provide our App. By collecting, processing and storing your personal data, we can therefore ensure the security of the App, and by doing so we can also ensure that you are able to access our content efficiently and conveniently. In order to be able to adapt our App in line with the constantly changing technical environment and security framework, we will also use your personal data to ensure the continuous improvement of our App.
Duration of storage and erasure of personal data
Personal data which are collected and processed by us as part of the registration process for our services, i.e. when creating a user profile, will be stored for as long as it is necessary in order to provide our services; this will typically be for as long as you have a user profile registered with radio.de. Personal data stored in your user profile will be erased if you delete your user profile or if such storage is no longer permissible for other reasons.
Your data stored in Log Files will be erased if such data are no longer required to fulfil the purpose related to the storage.
Your personal data will also be erased after you have revoked your consent for such storage, where applicable.
Such erasure does not include data, the rectification, blocking or erasure of which run contrary to legal, statutory or contractual retention periods, as well as data required for the establishment, content-related creation or amendment of a contractual relationship with us, or data which must be stored for billing purposes.
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies
radio.de uses so-called cookies. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your mobile device. As a result, the collection of cookies makes it easier for you to use our services and allows us to better understand your user behaviour and be able to offer you suitable content and tailored services in line with your requirements.
radio.de uses so-called technically necessary cookies on the one hand. Some elements of the App and the content provided therein require the mobile device you are using to be able to be identified, even after the App has been opened again. The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to make our App easier for users like you to use. Some functions of our App cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these functions, it is necessary for your mobile device to be recognised. The data stored by the cookies include, among others, your choice of stations. As part of the various services offered, these cookies allow us to receive your personal settings over a longer period of time. radio.de also uses cookies which enable the analysis of the usage behaviour of users. This relates in particular to the utilisation of different functions in the App and the frequency the App is accessed, the frequency of ad displays and different functions of the App. These cookies are used for the purpose of continuously improving the quality of content provided in the App and aligning this content to the user behaviour. The cookies tell us how the App is used, enabling us to constantly optimise our offering. The data collected in this way are pseudonymised by technological means. Therefore, assignment of the data to the requesting user is no longer possible. The data are not stored together with users’ other personal data. The legal basis for collecting and processing the data collected and processed using the cookies is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. All cookies are stored on your mobile device and then sent from your mobile device to radio.de. You, as the user, therefore have full control over the use of cookies. You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by adjusting the settings in your mobile device. Cookies which have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This may also be done automatically. However, radio.de wishes to point out that in doing so it is also possible that certain content in the App cannot be used or cannot be used in full.
Google Analytics
The App uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC,
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device and enable an analysis of your use of our App. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated by radio.de, however, your IP address will first be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or other States party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Google will use this information on behalf of radio.de to analyse your use of our App, to compile reports on your use of our App and to provide radio.de with other services relating to the App use. The IP address sent by your mobile device as part of Google Analytics will not be linked to any other data held by Google. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by disabling the “Analytics” button in the App.
AppsFlyer SDK
radio.de uses the Software Development Kit (“SDK”) provided by AppsFlyer Ltd., 14 Maskit St., POB 12371, Herzliya, Israel („AppsFlyer“). AppsFlyer allows us to conduct different forms of analysis regarding the installation of our App and the success of individual advertising campaigns. By conducting such analyses, a user’s individual activities within the App may also be analyzed, allowing us to define the target group for advertising campaigns in a more precise manner. It furthermore provides us with a better understanding of the use of our App by users.
The data processed by AppsFlyer includes information on the SDK version used, on device identifiers such as IDFA, Google Advertising ID, device model, device manufacturer and operating system and on individual in-app events. The legal basis for collecting the data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by AppsFlyer and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy can be found in AppFlyer’s privacy policy at: https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy. Further information on the AppFlyer SDK for iOS and Android can be found at: https://support.appsflyer.com/hc/en-us/categories/201114756-SDK-Integrations. As a user, you can prevent AppsFlyer from collecting and processing the data relating to your use of our app with immediate effect for the future at https://www.appsflyer.com/optout. You can also prevent the use of your IDFA/AAID. Each iOS and Android device has such a technically encrypted ID, which can be used by developers and advertisers to record activities for advertising purposes. The ID can generally be used by radio.de in order to repeatedly target users with specific campaigns. You can decide on the use of these IDs. You can reset this ID at any time in the settings for your mobile operating system. In addition, you can also disable such use in the settings for your mobile operating system so that radio.de cannot use the IDFA/AAID.
Zendesk
radio.de uses Zendesk, a customer service platform provided by Zendesk Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Zendesk”). Zendesk is a ticket system used to process customer queries. In order to use Zendesk, the necessary data such as your email address (as described above in this Privacy Policy) are collected via our App in order to be able to process your support ticket. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. When processing service queries, it may be necessary to collect additional data (such as your name and address). radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Zendesk and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Zendesk's privacy policy: https://www.zendesk.de/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/.
Accengage
radio.de uses the push notification service provided by Accengage S.A.S, 31, rue du 4 Septembre, 75002 Paris, France (“Accengage”). When using the App, it is possible to send to you push notifications in order to be able to provide you with functions and services in the App tailored to your use. You will only receive push notifications if you have granted the corresponding permissions for radio.de to do so in the settings of your operating system. You can adjust these permissions at any time in the settings of your operating system, meaning therefore that you can consent to or revoke the sending of push notifications at any time in the device settings on your mobile device. By doing so, Accengage will store your IP address, data regarding your mobile device, such as your device number and operating system, push notification token as well as usage data regarding use of the App. The legal basis for collecting and processing your personal data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. For more information about protecting your privacy, please consult Accengage's privacy notices: https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/.
InfoOnline
radio.de uses the Scaleable Centralised Measuring System [Skalierbares Zentrales Messverfahren (SZM)] of INFOnline GmbH, Brühler Str. 9, D-53119 Bonn (“InfoOnline” and “SZM”) to determine statistical values regarding use of our App. Measurement values are collected in anonymous format. As an alternative way to recognise devices, the SZM range measurement uses either a cookie or a signature generated from various information transferred automatically from your mobile device. IP addresses are not stored in the process, and only in anonymised form. The aim of the audience measurement is to statistically determine the usage intensity and the number of users on an App. Individual users will not be identified at any point. Your identity will always remain protected. You will not receive any ads via the system. By using this measuring system, our App also participates in the audience measurement performed by Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V. (“AGOF”) [Working Group for Online Media Research] as well as the alliances between Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e. V. (“IVW“) [German Audit Bureau of Circulation} and Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V. (“agma”) [Media Analysis Council]. AGOF, IVW and agma issue reports on a regular basis in studies about the usage statistics of participating services. Measurement values are collected in anonymous format. As an alternative way to recognise devices, the SZM range measurement uses either a cookie or a signature generated from various information transferred automatically from your mobile device. IP addresses are not stored in the process, and only in anonymised form. The aim of the audience measurement is to statistically determine the usage intensity and the number of users on an App. Individual users will not be identified at any point. Your identity will always remain protected. You will not receive any ads via the system. The legal basis for collecting and processing your personal data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. You can find out more information about the SZM system at https://www.infonline.de/datenschutz or http://www.oewa.at/datenschutzerklaerung. You can prevent the processing of data by the SZM system in the App at any time by disabling the “Mobile App Sensor” button in the settings for our App.
On-demand online ads/programmatic advertising
radio.de uses different external service providers to display on-demand online ads. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in optimising our services and marketing our products.
Goldbach Audience
Radio.de has commissioned Goldbach Audience Austria GmbH, Laimgrubengasse 14, 1060 Vienna, Austria (“Goldbach Audience”) with regard to the digital marketing of advertising spaces in our App. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Goldbach Audience and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Goldbach Audience’s privacy notices at http://www.goldbachaustria.at/de-at/datenschutz.
Google DFP
radio.de uses Google DFP for Small Business, an ad display service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google DFP”). Google DFP makes use of technologies to display ads which are of relevance to you. Your mobile device will be assigned a pseudonymous identification number (ID) via a cookie, which is used to check which ads have been displayed in your browser and which ads were viewed. The use of DoubleClick cookies only allows Google and its partner websites as well as other third parties on whose behalf Google is acting to display ads based on previous visits to our Website or other websites on the Internet. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The information collected by cookies is usually sent to a Google server in the USA for evaluation purposes and stored there. Google will only transmit data to third parties on the basis of statutory provisions or in the event of commissioned data processing between Google and its partners, such as advertising networks etc. Under no circumstances will Google associate your data with any other data collected by Google. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policies at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by amending the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by using the opt out feature at https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous?hl=en-GB&sig=ACi0TCgVUscu-N_tZBfDB-G61F86nfP2kJQwBIVeLpcsavRDFandA8o5ATDW_XIoP949CmidQVO70.
Google Adwords
In order to display ads, radio.de uses Google Adwords, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, (“Google”). A cookie (“conversion cookie”) is placed on your mobile device by Google Adwords for this purpose if you have reached a website to download our App via a Google Ad, and the App was therefore downloaded. These cookies lose their effectiveness after 30 days and cannot be used for personal identification. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If you open our App or perform certain actions within the App (such as starting a station) and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google will be able to tell that you were directed to the App download page via the ad and are using wthe App. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Therefore, cookies cannot be tracked via AdWords customer websites/apps. Information obtained with the aid of the “conversion cookie” is used to generate conversion statistics. radio.de will be informed about the total number of users who have clicked on an ad and were directed to the app with a conversion tracking tag, along with information about activities undertaken in the app. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also restrict collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by amending the display settings for ads. You can find out more information about this feature at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads/.
Google DoubleClick Ad Exchange
radio.de uses Google DoubleClick Ad Exchange, a real-time marketplace for purchasing and selling digital ads provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google AdX”). In order to activate ads in our App (text ads, banners etc.), your mobile device will store a cookie sent by Google AdX or a third party on whose behalf Google is acting. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information stored in the cookie may be collected, processed and stored by Google AdX or third parties as well. In addition, Google AdX also makes use of so-called “Web Beacons” (small invisible graphics), the use of which enables the collecting, processing and storage of data regarding basic actions, such as visitor traffic to the App. The information generated by the cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of the App will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses the information obtained in this manner to provide an analysis of your usage behaviour. If necessary, Google will also transmit this data to third parties, provided this is required by law or the third party is processing the data at the request of Google. Google will not link your IP address to other data stored by Google. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You can prevent the installation of cookies and Web Beacons using the corresponding setting in your mobile device. As a user, you can also restrict collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by amending the display settings for ads. You can find out more information about this feature at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads/.
Google AdMob
radio.de uses Google AdMob, an ad display service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google AdMob”). In order to activate ads in our App (text ads, banners etc.), your mobile device will store a cookie sent by Google AdMob or a third party on whose behalf Google is acting. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information stored in the cookie may be collected, processed and stored by Google AdMob or third parties as well. In addition, Google AdMob also makes use of so-called “Web Beacons” (small invisible graphics), the use of which enables the collecting, processing and storage of data regarding basic actions, such as traffic to the App. The information generated by the cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of the App will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses the information obtained in this manner to provide an analysis of your usage behaviour with regard to AdMob ads. If necessary, Google will also transmit this data to third parties, provided this is required by law or the third party is processing the data at the request of Google. Google will not link your IP address to other data stored by Google. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You can prevent the installation of cookies and Web Beacons using the corresponding setting in your mobile device. As a user, you can also restrict collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by amending the display settings for ads. You can find out more information about this feature at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads/.
Google Adsense
radio.de uses Google Adsense, an ad display service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google Adsense”). In order to activate ads in our App (text ads, banners etc.), your mobile device will store a cookie sent by Google Adsense or a third party on whose behalf Google is acting. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information stored in the cookie may be collected, processed and stored by Google Adsense or third parties as well. In addition, Google Adsense also makes use of so-called “Web Beacons” (small invisible graphics), the use of which enables the recording, collection and evaluation of basic actions, such as visitor traffic to the App. The information generated by the cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of this App will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses the information obtained in this manner to provide an analysis of your usage behaviour with regard to AdSense ads. If necessary, Google will also transmit this data to third parties, provided this is required by law or the third party is processing the data at the request of Google. Google will not link your IP address to other data stored by Google. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You may prevent cookies and Web Beacons being stored on your mobile device by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also restrict collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of the App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by amending the display settings for ads. You can find out more information about this feature at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads/..
Facebook SDK
radio.de uses the Software Development Kit (“SDK”) provided by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Facebook”). The Facebook SDK allows us to conduct different forms of analysis regarding the installation of our App and the success of individual advertising campaigns. In addition, a user’s individual activities within the App can be analysed in order to be able to better define the target group for advertising campaigns in a more precise manner. By using the Facebook SDK, we are able to link various services from the “Facebook” social media network to our App. For example, the Facebook SDK allows you to share content from our App within your own Facebook timeline or to send messages to other Facebook users. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. To this end, our App sends pseudonymised data to Facebook along with information that the App was started. The Advertising ID (IDFA/AAID) provided by the device’s operating system is therefore used as the pseudonym here. radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Facebook’s privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. Further information on the Facebook SDK for iOS can be found at: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios. You can also prevent the use of your IDFA/AAID. Each iOS and Android device has such a technically encrypted ID, which can be used by developers and advertisers to record activities for advertising purposes. The ID can generally be used by radio.de in order to repeatedly target users with specific campaigns. You can decide on the use of these IDs. You can reset this ID at any time in the settings for your mobile operating system. In addition, you can also disable such use in the settings for your mobile operating system so that radio.de cannot use the IDFA/AAID.
Freewheel
In order to include video campaigns, radio.de uses Freewheel, a service provided by Comcast International France SAS, 115-123 Avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92200 Neuilly-Sur-Seine, France (“Freewheel”). Freewheel also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a Freewheel server and stored there. Freewheel will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature video campaigns in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Freewheel and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Freewheel's privacy policy at http://freewheel.tv/privacy-policy-de/. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Freewheel as well as the processing of this data by Freewheel by using the opt out feature at http://freewheel.tv/optout-html/.
Smartclip
In order to display ads, radio.de uses Smartclip, a service provided by Smartclip Holding AG, Kleiner Burstah 12, Nikolaikontor, 20457 Hamburg, Germany (“Smartclip”). Smartclip also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a Smartclip server and stored there. Smartclip will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Smartclip and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Smartclip's privacy policy at http://privacy-portal.smartclip.net. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Smartclip as well as the processing of this data by Smartclip by using the opt out feature at http://privacy-portal.smartclip.net/de/opt-out.
Smartstream
In order to display ads, radio.de uses Smartstream, a service provided by Smartstream.TV GmbH, Dachauer Str. 15c, 80335 Munich, Germany (“Smartstream”). Smartstream also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a Smartstream server and stored there. Smartstream will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Smartstream and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Smartstream's privacy policy at https://smartstream.tv/de/datenschutz. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Smartstream as well as the processing of this data by Smartstream by using the opt out feature at https://www.smartstream.tv/en/cookie-opt-out.
Smaato
In order to display ads, radio.de uses Smaato, a service provided by Smaato Inc., 240 Stockton Street, 10th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108, USA (“Smaato”). Smaato also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a Smaato server and stored there. Smaato will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Smaato and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Smaato's privacy policy at https://www.smaato.com/privacy/. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Smaato as well as the processing of this data by Smaato by using the opt out feature at https://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
SpotX
In order to display ads, radio.de uses SpotX, a service provided by SpotX Inc., 8181 Arista Place, Broomfield, CO 80021, USA (“SpotX”). SpotX also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a SpotX server and stored there. SpotX will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by SpotX and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in SpotX's privacy policy at https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by SpotX as well as the processing of this data by SpotX by using the opt out feature at https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/.
YOC
In order to display ads, radio.de uses YOC, a service provided by YOC AG, Greifswalder Str. 212, 10405 Berlin, Germany, (“YOC”). YOC also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a YOC server and stored there. YOC will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by YOC and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in YOC's privacy policy at https://yoc.com/de/datenschutz/. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by YOC as well as the processing of this data by YOC by using the opt out feature at https://t.visx.net/opt-out.
IndexExchange
In order to display ads, radio.de uses IndexExchange, a service provided by Index Exchange Inc., 74 Wingold Avenue, Toronto, ON M6B 1P5, Canada (“IndexExchange”). IndexExchange also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to an IndexExchange server and stored there. IndexExchange will use this information on behalf of radio.de in order to feature ads in our App. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by IndexExchange and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in IndexExchange's privacy notices at http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also restrict collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by IndexExchange as well as the processing of this data by IndexExchange by using the opt out feature at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/ .
Legal basis for processing your personal data
Your personal data will be collected, processed and stored in accordance with GDPR provisions as well as in accordance with the relevant provisions under EU law and national law.
Where the collection, processing or storage of such data are necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR will form the legal basis for the collection, processing and storage of your personal data.
Where the collection, processing or storage of such data are necessary for the performance of a legal obligation under EU law or national statutory provisions which radio.de is subject to, Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR will form the legal basis for the collection, processing and storage of your personal data.
If the collection, processing and storage of your personal data is necessary for the protection of the legitimate interests of radio.de or a third party and such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR forms the legal basis for the collection, processing and storage of your personal data.
In cases where none of these statutory provisions are applicable, the collection, processing and storage of your personal data will only be undertaken subject to your separate consent. Where necessary, you can provide your explicit consent when using the App by way of a brief separate electronic confirmation. Where radio.de obtains your separate consent for the processing of personal data, Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR forms the legal basis for the collection, processing and storage of your personal data.
Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data.
Your rights regarding the protection of your personal data
You shall be entitled to the following rights, to the extent of the respective provision, in accordance with GDPR provisions as well as in accordance with the relevant provisions under EU law and national law:
Right of access
You can request confirmation from radio.de as to whether personal data concerning you are collected, processed and stored by radio.de. If such data are collected, processed or stored, you may request information from radio.de about the purposes to which the personal data is being collected and processed and the planned duration for which the personal data concerning you is due to be stored.
Please send your written request for information to:
radio.de GmbH
Mühlenkamp 59
22303 Hamburg
Germany
Or via email to: [email protected]
Right to rectification and completion
You are entitled to request that radio.de rectifies and/or completes your personal data if the collected, processed and stored personal data are incorrect or incomplete.
Right to restriction of processing
You can request the processing of personal data concerning you to be restricted.
Right to erasure
You can request that radio.de deletes your personal data immediately. radio.de is then obliged to delete such data immediately if the personal data concerning you are no longer required to achieve the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, or you have withdrawn your consent on the basis of which the data were collected, processed or stored. The right to erasure will not apply if the processing of such data is necessary to fulfil a statutory obligation demanding the collection and processing of data according to EU law or Member State law which radio.de is subject to, and if the collection and processing of such data is necessary for the assertion, exercising or defence of legal claims.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive personal data concerning you which you have provided to us as the controller for data collection in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit such data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data were provided.
Right to object
You have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object at any time to the collection or processing of personal data concerning you that is performed in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Right to withdraw declaration of consent
If you have given us your consent in collecting and processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the collection and processing of personal data concerning you is unlawful.
Other
As part of the further development of the services provided and the implementation of new technologies, radio.de reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. radio.de therefore requests that you keep yourself regularly informed of the Privacy Policy available here.
Last updated: June 2019