Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationSoulApps Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains how SoulApps Studio ("SoulApps", "our", "us" or "we") and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with SoulApps services (collectively, the “Service”), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content.Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.2. USE OF PERSONAL DATAProduct Improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities, and perform marketing analysis.3. SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.4. LGGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSINGWe process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Sites.5. International Transfers of Personal DataOur business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center.6. Your RightsSubject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.Requests should be submitted by contacting us through Email.If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law.We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.7.How to Contact Us.SoulApps may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of SoulApps or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us StunningLibrary@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse