Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 6, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
Generally, we do not collect any personal identifiable information to our server, if you do not log in with your social media account to use the App. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered when using the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application.
How we Collect and Use Your Personal Data
Personal Information. Since we do not collect Personal Identifiable Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
Non-Personal Information, We may use Non-Personal Information(Usage Data/Log Data, such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version,etc. ) for any purpose as below:
To personalize user experience: We may use your Non-Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;
To help develop our service: We may use Non-Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications and develop new services;
To further develop business: We may use Non-Personal Information for promotion and
internal analysis purposes.
Retention
The Company will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Disclosure
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to Comply with a legal obligation or Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company.
Security
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal Data. The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Third-Party Sites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties.
Our Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
- Analytics
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
- Advertising
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites or visit the Privacy Policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
FunnyAd by Google & Meta
FunnyAd is provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the FunnyAd by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en and by Meta service by following the instructions described by Meta: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217/?helpref=uf_share
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy and the Privacy Policy of Meta: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
- Payments
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
PayPal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
WeChat
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html
Alipay
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://render.alipay.com/p/f/agreementpages/alipayglobalprivacypolicy.html
When You use Our Service to pay a product and/or service via bank transfer, We may ask You to provide information to facilitate this transaction and to verify Your identity.
EU Residents
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data. This enables You to email us and access, update or delete the information We have on You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
We do not sell personal information. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
California Residents
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Personal Data we collected about You.
The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, such as Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at pmoooore@gmail.com.