DeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisNederlandsItalianoPortuguês do BrasilPress enter or submit to search Upload songUpload your own music filesThis is a Premium featureGet Chordify Premium nowDiscoverCreate accountPricingBlogSetlistsHelpDiscoverCreate accountUpload songPricingDiscoverPricingBlogSetlistsHelp ArtistsChordify for iOSChordify for AndroidGituru - Your Guitar Teacher new!Karang - Out of tune? How to use ChordifyTerms and ConditionsAbout ChordifyGet the Android appENLog inDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisNederlandsItalianoPortuguês do Brasil
Privacy statement Chordify
Chordify Privacy Statement
This privacy statement is based on the European GDPR and Dutch law. If you think your rights under your country’s legislation are not covered by this statement, please email us at privacy@chordify.net before you use Chordify.
Introduction
We have stored data and personal information since the very beginning of Chordify, and we have also always deemed privacy and data security of paramount importance. To comply with the European Regulation, called the AVG (Algemene verordening gegevensbescherming), (a.k.a. GDPR; effective date 25 May 2018), we have implemented extra measures. To assist every Chordify user as best we can, and to achieve our goals, we will continue to store personal data, but thanks to the GDPR, our users are given even more rights, and we welcome that! We apply the amended privacy policy world-wide, so everyone will acquire the same rights. In this privacy statement, we explain as clearly as possible why and how we process your personal data. We don’t have a Data Protection Officer (DPO), but we will assist you personally if you have any questions. For assistance, please contact us on privacy@chordify.net.
Who we are
We are Chordify: a cross-platform e-learning tool that allows you to convert your music into chords. We started Chordify in 2013 to assist – and motivate –  both experienced and inexperienced musicians in learning and playing music. Chordify BV, Zuiderpark 14, (9724 AG) Groningen is the Responsible Processor, as it is called in the GDPR, of your personal data. Our growing team, who is committed to making the learning of music easier and more fun, consists of a varied range of music lovers. They have diverse skills in areas such as music and software technology, graphic and interactive design, content creation, and sales and business development. This privacy statement applies to all our processing operations.
Which personal data do we process?
We process the following personal data: First and last name, email address, profile information (shared by yourself in the community) (bio, favourite songs, play-along history) and profile picture, gender, participation details (of events, memberships and/or (winning) promotions), areas of interest (for example, ‘guitar’ or ‘newbie’), contact history, IP address, social ID, cookie ID (you can read more about cookies in our cookie statement) and user behaviour.
Why do we process personal data?
We process personal data for the following purposes:
Legal obligations
A part of our processing is required by law. This mainly concerns information necessary for our (financial) administration, and to comply with our tax and accounting obligations.
Membership administration and services
We keep track in our membership records of people who are Chordify members. We keep various personal details of contacts to run our services as best we can. For instance, we keep contact information in order to reach you, areas of interest so we can provide you with the best possible information and appealing content, and we process personal data for our market research and promotions. You can reach us through many different channels, like mail, email, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook. To make this possible, we also process personal data. Payment details The Chordify services payment process is entirely outsourced to Adyen, Paypal, Apple and Google. We therefore only store your payment details that we receive back from your chosen payment  provider. This doesn’t include your bank account number.
Newsletters and mailings
You can sign up for different types of newsletters from us. Sometimes personalised, and sometimes not. If you no longer wish to receive newsletters, you can unsubscribe in every email, and in your account settings, and you can indicate your preferences of the type of newsletters that you wish to receive in your account settings.
Recruitment (marketing)
Chordify is a growing company, and anticipates market developments. We therefore constantly recruit new members, (industrial) partners, musicians, music teachers and sometimes new colleagues too. To maintain contact with everyone, we also process their contact details and areas of interest. We also process personal data for Chordify campaigns (and Chordify related campaigns). For example, IP address, cookie ID, social ID and/or surfing habits. We do this to show the most relevant ad in the right places. We also use ‘custom target groups’ on social media platforms for Chordify (and related Chordify campaigns). We do this through Facebook, Twitter and through LinkedIn targeting. These platforms can show (personalized) ads. If you don’t want ads to be displayed through these platforms, you can unsubscribe yourself on the appropriate platforms. You can read how to do this on the following pages:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Please note: the above opt-out doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll never get to see Chordify ads again, because we also focus ads on general target groups of which you might form part of.
Improved Chordify services
We also keep personal data for the improvement of our services. For example, we ‘log’ clicking behaviour on the website to analyse which numbers are most played along with, which articles are read the most, and open rates to see if our newsletters are relevant.
Gender and photos:
We also process your gender and your photos. Gender is processed to be able to address you in a more personal way. We process photos to add a nicer touch to our content (including your personal profile). These processing operations are (obviously) not used for any other purpose. Once again, if you have any questions, please let us know! You are under 16 years of age If you are under the age of 16, and you want to use Chordify, that’s only possible with your parents’ permission. If you think we have collected personal data of a minor without parental consent, please contact us at privacy@chordify.net.
Rights of persons involved
Under the GDPR, everyone has a number of rights. We do our very best to comply with this as much as possible. If you have any tips or comments, please let us know! To enforce your rights, please contact us on privacy@chordify.net. We ask you to specify as much as possible in your request what personal data it entails. We will respond to your request within four weeks. In case of a request for deletion, we will remove the relevant personal data as soon as possible, unless, and to the extent that the law requires us to keep the relevant personal data, and whether there are other urgent reasons that oppose removal. We will send you a confirmation message after a request for deletion has been carried out. If we haven’t removed the relevant personal data (or only did so partially), we will send you a message in which we explain why your request couldn’t (fully) be met. If we are not, or not completely able to determine to what personal data your request relates to, we may ask you to specify your request in more detail. We will then suspend the execution of the request until you have provided us with further details. You can also exercise your rights yourself, in your account environment:
Information and inspection: You can of course see which of your personal data we are processing. You can download the data stored about you in a ZIP file, in just a few clicks. [Settings] > [My Account] > [download user data].
Please note: any files that you have uploaded to your Chordify Library are not automatically downloaded. You can download these one by one on the Song page of the relevant number. Just click on the menu button for the name of the artist and the song. [Music Profile] > [Uploads].
Changes: If we have incorrect, or outdated data about you, you can adjust it yourself in settings. You can also let us know what needs to be changed; We look forward to assist you.
Deletion: You can easily remove the personally identifiable information we have stored of you yourself by checking the box [delete all data stored about me] while deleting your Chordify Account. [Settings] > [My Account] > [delete account].
Processing this delete order takes up to 7 days to complete, for the following reasons:
Administrative purposes (for example, handling payments or refunds, de-duplication).
We keep your account for 7 days after removal, because we can imagine the farewell may be heavier than thought. Deleted accounts are immediately invisible and idle, but this service allows users to reactivate their account if necessary.
Take note! Contributions to the Chordify Community made by you (for example: chord edits, name changes, tags and set lists made by you, etc.) are not deleted automatically. Of course, we will ensure that your contributions are anonymised, and that they are in no way traceable to you any more. You can, of course, undo your contributions separately before you delete your account, but we assume that your love for Chordify and other music fans will never be quite over, and that other people will benefit from the preservation of your contributions. We love you too!  To continue to guarantee Chordify’s operation, we store log-data on our servers. Now matter how good our programmers are, it is difficult to ensure all personal data will disappear. We discard this log-data after 3 months at most, and therefore all bits of personal data are only then really wiped from Chordify. Take note! Something almost no one tells you is that it’s an illusion to think all your data have really been removed from the internet at just the touch of a button. There are many services on the internet that copy data, so perhaps you will still find your public Chordify profile somewhere on the internet until the end of time. So always be careful about what you share on-line.
Limitation: Are we processing your personal information unlawfully or incorrectly? You can also restrict its processing.
Objection (appeal): You can object against the processing of your personal data. If it involves marketing, we end the processing as soon as possible.
Transferability: It is a right under the GDPR to transfer your personal data, or to have it transferred. Although we don’t really think this is really relevant to our service, we will gladly assist you if necessary. You can read how you can download your own information under the above heading ‘Information and inspection’.
You can also:
Revoke permission: for example, to receive emails (you do that in settings, or via the link in a mailing sent by Chordify). If you want to withdraw your permission for any other processing, please contact us.
Submit a complaint with the Personal Data Authority (PDA): If you believe we do not act in accordance with privacy laws, we would like to hear it. You can also submit a complaint with the PDA in this regard, after 25 May 2018. At the moment, you can only send tips to the PDA, using this form. And finally, you always have the right to go to court to deal with your complaint.
Retention periods
We will not retain personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes for which we have collected it, unless the law requires us to keep it longer (for example, for our accounting).
Legal grounds for personal data processing
As explained above, we process some data to perform a legal obligation, and some to perform a contract with you as a user (subscription, event). We also process personal data because, as stated in the GDPR, we have a legitimate interest in it. This means we may process your data because it is necessary for our business activities, as long as your privacy interests are not affected. We may also do so in the interest of our partners. If you want to know more about the trade-off’s we make as part of our legitimate interest, you know how to find us! Finally, we process some data with your permission: this specifically involves on-line tracking methods. You can always withdraw that consent.
Third-party receivers
We assign external service providers to carry out our own services. They are not ´third-party receivers’, but are called processors. For example, we work with Adyen, a payment service; we periodically carry out user surveys on our website using Typeform; and we use Google Analytics to gain a better understanding about how our service is used. These parties process personal data on Chordify’s behalf. We have concluded what is called processing agreements for this purpose. Sometimes, we are required by law to provide personal data to third parties; for example, to the tax authorities.
Links
The Chordify websites include many references to other websites. Chordify is not responsible for the way in which those parties process personal data. You can read the privacy statement of the relevant organization, and please do let us know if you have found a particular link on chordify.net which is not OK!
By using YouTube links (embedded videos) on the Chordify platforms, you trust, not only Chordify, but also YouTube with your information. Please read the YouTube Privacy Policy if you need help understanding what information they collect, why they collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
Version
We can change or modify this Privacy statement. We therefore recommend that you regularly read this privacy statement for changes. This Privacy statement was last amended on Sept 15 2022.
Cookie statement
We use cookies on the Chordify website and apps. We do this to improve our services, to ensure the service functions optimally, to conduct campaigns efficiently and for the purposes as described in this privacy statement. Cookies are small text files that are placed on a computer, tablet or mobile phone by a web page. You can choose what types of cookies we may keep of you. The following is a list of cookies placed by the Chordify services, and what we are using them for:
Analytical cookies
Chordify uses Analytics cookies to examine the use of Chordify products. We place a persistent cookie on your computer or your mobile device, so we can understand how and how often Chordify is used. Based on this information we can make adjustments if necessary, to ensure Chordify works optimally. Name: NID Sender.google.com Duration: 7 months Name: _ga Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 2 years Name: _gat Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 hour Name: _gid Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 day Chordify processes anonymous statistics about visits to its website. This is done with a Web Analytics System. The following data is stored in the Web Analytics System using cookies:
The IP address.
Technical characteristics such as the browser you are using (e.g. Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, or Firefox) and your computer screen resolution.
The source from which you surfed to Chordify (e.g. Google, Facebook, or directly).
When and how long you visit and use the Chordify products.
Which features you are using in the Chordify products.
Which pages you visit on the Chordify products.
Functional cookies
Name: dzr_uniq_id Sender: Deezer Duration: 6 months Name: lang Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 day Name: sid Sender: Deezer Duration: session Name: PREF Sender: .youtube Durationr: 8 months Name: user Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 years Name: VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Sender: .youtube Duration: 6 months Name: YSC Sender: .youtube Duration: sessie
Social cookies
Social Cookies make the use of Chordify more accessible, and the experience more fun and more personal. Cookies are necessary for the various integrations of social platforms; but you can also use Chordify without these links. We will now deal with the various social cookies. Name: datr Sender: .facebook Duration: 2 years Name: c_user Sender: .facebook Duration: 3 months Name: xs Sender: .facebook Duration: 3 months Name: fr Sender: .facebook Duration: 3 months Name: sb Sender: .facebook Duration: 2 years Name: pl Sender: .facebook Duration: 3 months Name: cmp649170965 Sender: .trackcmp.com Duration: 1 maand
Advertising cookies
Name: DSID Sender: .doubleclick.net Duration: 1 hour Name: IDE Sender: .doubleclick.net Duration: 13 months Name: _gads Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 2 years
Deleting cookies
We always take a critical look at which cookies we will allow for our services. Cookies contribute to the best possible operation of our services, and we therefore advise you to accept them and to also retain them after a session. You can easily delete cookies from your devices. The following is a list with the most used browsers and a link to the way you can delete your cookies in your browser:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer 7 and 8
Internet Explorer 9
Safari
OperaGroningen, 20 April 2018
What did you think of this article?👍 👎You already voted!
Instant chords for any songtune into chordsDiscoverArtistsSetlistsFeatured SongsMusic DictionaryChord Diagram FinderSongs explainedBlogProductPremiumGituru - Your Guitar TeacherKarang - Tuner for GuitarSupportHelpChordify CommunityAboutAbout ChordifyJobsPressTerms and ConditionsPrivacy StatementYour privacy settingsAdvertiseMade with 🤘 in Groningen and Utrecht, The Netherlands