Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Our App Service. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the details of our privacy practices below.
This Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
1. Definitions
2. How We Collect Information & How We Use Information
3. Third party accounts & Sharing of personal data
4. Legal basis for data processing
5. International transfers of personal data
6. Children's Privacy
7. Your rights
8. Changes
9. Contact Us
1. Definitions
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
iJoysoft developer is be referred to "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement.
Application means the software program provided by iJoysoft downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Music Player.
2. How We Collect Information
We collect information in order to provide you with better, higher-quality, and more personalized services. We collect information by the following means:
(I)When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge base, which will be available to all users of the site. Your correspondence will most likely not be used verbatim, but paraphrased in an FAQ format.
(II)The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.
How We Use Information
We use the information collected through this app product:
(I) to communicate with you; (II) to process your requests and transactions; (III) to improve the app; (IV) to customize the services and/or products we provide to you; (V) to assist with our product and service development; (VI) to perform marketing analysis; and (VII) for other purposes related to our business.
3. Third party accounts
Our App Service does not store any other third part service passwords. Your account information is not disclosed to this app and you are free to cancel any of your social networking website connections with this app at any time.
Sharing of personal data
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
4. Legal basis for data processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our App.
5. International transfers of personal data
Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including to countries such as the People' s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center.
6. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
7. Your rights
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us through our developer account e-Mail on Google Play.
If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law.
We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social websites you wish to share or upload.
8. Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change occasionally. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advance notice.
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, in the event of significant changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an email notification).
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
9. Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via smartchen2015@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.