Toggle navigation
Listen Now
Audiobooks
Sports
Music
News
Podcasts
Get The App
ListenAudiobooks
Sports
Music
News
Podcasts
More
About UsContact Us
Careers
Press
ProductSupport
Devices
TuneIn Live
CommunitiesBrands
Broadcasters
Podcasters
Get The App
THANK YOU
Your information has been submitted to our team, and someone will reach out to you shortly.
Continue
Advertising Inquiries
Select a Topic
Device Partners
Advertising Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Choose a Different Topic
partners@tunein.com
advertising@tunein.com
press@tunein.com
First*
Last*
Email*
Title*
Company*
Comments*
Cancel
First*
Last*
Email*
Title*
Company
Brand Website
Company Type
I work for a...
I work for a...
Audio & Media Units
Just Audio
Just Media
Experiential
All of the Above
—Please choose an option—Audio & Media UnitsJust AudioJust MediaExperientialAll of the Above
City/State
Country*
Promotion Spot
Promote my brand via...
Promote my brand via...
National Brand
Regional Brand
Media Agency
Creative Agency
Sales
TuneIn User Needing Help
—Please choose an option—National BrandRegional BrandMedia AgencyCreative AgencySalesTuneIn User Needing Help
Budget Size
Send Media Kit
Cancel
First*
Last*
Email*
Title*
Company*
Comments*
Cancel
Last Updated Date: Jan 1, 2023 Effective: April 30, 2023
PRIVACY POLICY
Scope and Purpose of this Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to tunein.com, the TuneIn mobile application, and any other websites, applications, widgets, products, services, and other on- and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”) owned and operated by TuneIn, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “TuneIn,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Policy covers our treatment of the personal information we gather through our Services.
This Policy explains how TuneIn may collect, use, process, disclose and safeguard information we obtain through the Services. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. TuneIn is the data controller for the purposes of this Policy.
If you are a California resident, please also see our California Resident Privacy Notice.
If you wish to opt out of TuneIn’s “sharing” of your Personal Information for cross-contextual advertising purposes, please click here: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
How TuneIn Collects Personal Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you from various sources as described below.
Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the Services or if we are legally required to collect it.
A.
Personal Information You Provide
User Account Registration. If you register as a user of the Services, you must provide us with your name, email address, year of birth, and password in order to create an account. You may also optionally add to your profile certain demographic information, such as your country, zip code and gender, as well as your photo.
Broadcaster Account Registration. If you are a broadcaster, we ask you for information about your station and broadcast(s) when you register on our Services, including your name, email address, phone number, website, content streaming URL, as well as background information on the station and broadcast(s).
Subscriptions. If you obtain a Subscription to the Services, we will ask you to provide your payment information, such as your credit card number, so our service providers can process your payments for the Services.
Communications. We will collect any information which you provide to us through your communications with our customer support team, such as through email or social media. If you complete one of our surveys, we will collect your responses and may ask you to provide personal information such as your gender, age, general location, and ask you to participate in future surveys.
Business Partner and Vendor Information. We may receive contact details of business partners’ and vendors’ employees as provided by business partners or vendors in furtherance of the relevant partner or vendor relationship.
Events. We may collect personal information (either directly from individuals or from other sources such as event hosts or co-sponsors) in an online or offline capacity when we attend conferences, trade shows, and other events.
Job Applications. We will collect any information which you provide to us when you apply for a job with TuneIn, including your curriculum vitae and references.
B. Personal Information Obtained from Third Parties
Social Sign-on. We collect information from social media services when you use your credentials for these services to log into the Services. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect the information you have authorized Facebook to share with us, such as your name, email address, gender, date of birth, and profile picture. We may also obtain other non-public information with your permission.
Other Third Parties. We may collect information about you from other third parties, including our marketing partners.
C. Personal Information Collected Automatically
Your Activities on the Services. When you use the Services, we collect information about your activities, such as the stations, artists or channels that you listen to, transaction details related to your Subscription, the user profiles that you view, your searches for friends or stations and your other actions and interactions with other users or content on the Services, the stations, content and people that you follow (“Follow Lists”), your comments, any content that you post on the Services, and any other information resulting from your use of the Services that is publicly accessible by other users (“Public Information”).
Your Contacts. If you use certain features of our Services, such as the share content feature, we will collect information about your contacts, with your permission.
Location Information. Depending on your device settings, we may obtain information about your physical location at regular intervals when you use the Services, such as by use of geolocation features in the device(s) through which you access the Services. In addition, we may infer your location from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet).
Device Information. We receive information from the device through which you access the Services, such as IP address, web browser type, mobile operating system version, and unique device identifiers.
Widget Information. Other websites may integrate TuneIn widgets (such as the TuneIn Player or TuneIn Follow Button). When you visit a site with a TuneIn widget embedded, we may receive certain information, including information about the web page you visited, your IP address, and other information about your device. TuneIn and the widget can recognize you across websites containing TuneIn widgets, and the widget may be used to show personalized content or advertising. We know when you interact with a widget, and websites containing the widgets may receive this information.
Cookies and Related Technologies. When you visit the Services, we and our third party service providers receive and record information from your browser and from cookies and similar technologies. Learn more about how we use cookies and related technologies in our Cookie Policy.
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to obtain information about your behavior on our Services. We may use this information to improve user experience and improve our products.  If you’d like to opt-out, we recommend installing Google’s browser add-on that can be found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for many business reasons, including:
Providing Services
Managing information and accounts, including user accounts, partner accounts, and vendor/service provider accounts
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services
Providing you with personalized services, content, offers, and recommendations. For example, we may analyze your listening history to recommend similar content that we think would be of particular interest to you, send you tailored content recommendations based on your location, or send you personalized marketing communications based on Personal Information we have collected about you
Answering requests for customer or technical support
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased
Allowing you to register for events
Marketing and Advertising
Tailoring and providing you with content, such as email updates, newsletters, and social media content
We and our advertising partners may use your Personal Information, including your location and your activities on the Services to facilitate the delivery of advertisements
Other Administrative Purposes
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services
Developing new products and Services
Ensuring internal quality control and safety
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this policy
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities
Enforcing our agreements and policies
Complying with our legal and contractual obligations, including using location information to comply with radio stations’ content licenses (which are location-specific)
Consent
We may also use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent, we also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
Aggregate Data
We may de-identify and aggregate information collected through the Services for statistical analysis and other lawful purposes.
How We Disclose Personal Information
Station and Channel Partners. We may disclose certain limited information to our station and channel partners regarding listening activity on their stations and channels. The information we disclose may include device information (for example, IP address, web browser type, mobile operating system version, and unique device identifiers); general geographic information (for example, zip code, city, state, region, and/or country); listening session starts, durations, and timestamps; and search terms used to find the station or channel partner’s content. Our station and channel partners may use this information for their research and marketing purposes, or as otherwise disclosed in their respective privacy policies.
Advertising Partners. We may share your Personal Information (including IP address) with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you, such as, LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp may link this data to data collected from other offline and online sources, including other websites and mobile apps, and provide TuneIn with an identification code that we may store for in-app, online, and cross-channel advertising, or share with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. For more information about LiveRamp, please click here (https://liveramp.com/privacy/). To opt-out of LiveRamp-enabled targeted advertising, please click here (https://liveramp.com/opt_out/).
We may share your Personal Information with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you. For more information about our advertising and marketing practices and those of the third party advertising partners, as well as information regarding how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please see our Cookie Policy.
Non-affiliated Companies. If we receive your permission, non-affiliated companies may use your Personal Information to send you offers or other information that you may find of interest.
Social Networking and Other Websites. The Services may allow you to share Personal Information with social networking services, such as Facebook. We do not share your Personal Information with third-party websites unless you direct the Services to share it. Third-party websites’ use of your Personal Information is governed by their privacy policies.
Other Users. Your Public Information, which includes your Favorites, is viewable by other users, unless you change your account settings to make your Favorites private. However, if you registered for the Services prior to May 7, 2014, then your Favorites will be private unless you change your profile settings to make them publicly accessible.
Your profile information, such as any photographs, your username, and any content that you post in your account, is also viewable by other users. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other users. Accordingly, we recommend that you carefully consider what you post to the Services before doing so.
Other Third Parties. We may also share Personal Information about you in the following additional circumstances:
With Your Consent. We may disclose your Personal Information with your permission. We may seek your permission in various ways. For example, we may present you with an “opt-in” prompt when you register to use the Services or access certain content.
To Comply with Legal Obligations. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information or other account information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to (i) comply with laws, law enforcement requests, and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; or (iii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
In case of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy or liquidation where the business will not continue as a going concern, receivership, sale of TuneIn assets, or transition of the Services to another provider, then your Personal Information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. The use of your Personal Information following any of these events should be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”):
We only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when you have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example, to provide you with tailored advertising.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including for account registration, to respond to your inquiries or, if you are a broadcaster, to manage the directory listing and for support.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, such as the obligation to protect intellectual property rights and restrict content available on the Services based on your location.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to personalize our Services and provide you with tailored content, conduct business analytics and otherwise improve the safety, security, fraud prevention, and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
Data Retention DATA RETENTION
We generally retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, financial, or reporting obligations, to establish or defend legal claims, or for compliance and protection purposes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we may consider factors such as:
The amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information
The impact to the Services, including the possibility for re-enrollment with the Services
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information
The purposes for which we process your Personal Information
Whether we can achieve those purposes through other means
Applicable legal requirements, including mandatory retention periods, statutes of limitation, legal holds, and litigation requirements
When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.
Note that in some cases, even if you submit a data deletion request, we may be required to retain your Personal Information, such as to comply with the law; maintain records of transactions; exercise, establish, or defend legal claims; or protect against fraud or abuse of our systems.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are intended to appropriately protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information you provide to us.
Third-Party Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the processing of your Personal Information by TuneIn. The Services may contain links to third-party sites, such as third-party content providers (“Third-Party Sites”). The policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third-Party Sites. The links from the Services to any Third-Party Sites do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third-Party Sites or their privacy practices.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information, as defined by the Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Rule, from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Services is directed to children under the age of 13.
If you are located in the EEA, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Services are directed to children under the age of 16.
If you are located in Mexico, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of the Services are directed to children under the age of 18.
If you are located in Brazil, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal sensitive information, as it is defined in the applicable law. We will only collect, maintain, or use any personal sensitive information pursuant to your previous and express consent.
If you believe that your child has provided us with Personal Information,  please alert us by contacting us below. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from a child (as defined by local law),  we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Data Transfers
If you are visiting the Services from regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your Personal Information to the Services, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland or Brazil, we comply with EU, United Kingdom, Switzerland, or Brazil data protection law, as applicable to you, when transferring your Personal Information outside of the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland or Brazil. In particular, we may transfer your Personal Information to non-EEA countries, including to the United States where we are headquartered. To protect Personal Information transferred from the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland to the United States, TuneIn relies a recognized legal mechanism  such as Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission and consent of the individual.
Although the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks have been ruled inadequate for the transfer of data, TuneIn continues to protect personal information from the EEA, United Kingdom and Switzerland according to the standards of the Privacy Shield. To learn more, read our Privacy Shield Policy.
Your Choices and Rights
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on where you are located, you may have the right to:
Access to Data: You may request a copy of personal information we have about you in a portable format and/or request us to transfer all or some of this data to a third party.
Correction of Data: You may request that we update, correct, or rectify personal information we have about you.
Deletion of Data: You may request that we delete personal information we have about you.
Restriction of or Object to Processing: You may have the right to opt in or opt out of certain uses of your personal information, or to object to all processing of your personal information, or to withdraw consent you previously gave for the processing of your personal information.
Supervisory Authority: If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or Brazil, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You may exercise these rights by contacting us as described below.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. If you wish to appeal a decision relating to your data rights request, please contact us at privacy@tunein.com.
Privacy Settings and Choices
Account Information. Once you have registered for the Services, you may change your profile settings in your account on the Services. For example, you can change the email address and password associated with your account and you may choose to keep your Follow Lists private. If you are a broadcaster, you can change the information you provided to us by contacting us per the information below.
Favorites. Once you have registered for the Services, you may change your profile information at any time to make your Favorites private. If you registered for the Services prior to May 7, 2014, then your Favorites will be private until you sign into your account, at which time they will be made public.
Devices. You can access the Services from multiple devices if you sign into your account on the devices or register them on the Services. If you would like to disconnect your account from any of these devices, you can unregister the device through your account settings on the Services.
Location Information. You can prevent us from collecting location information from your device by changing the settings on your device, if your device allows you to do so; however, if you do not provide us with location information you may not be able to fully use the Services. Please note that we will continue to receive your IP address and use it as described above to determine, for example, your location to comply with our licensing agreements.
Communications Opt-Out. Each marketing email communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to unsubscribe from future marketing communications. You may also contact us as indicated below to have your name deleted from our email mailing lists, or you may update your communication preferences in your account settings on our Website. Please note, however, that certain communications, such as push notifications, require you to change the settings on your device if you wish not to receive any future communications. In addition, on occasion we may send service-related announcements, such as disruption notifications, via email and you may not be able to opt out of these communications.
Targeted Advertising Opt-Out. More information on targeted advertising and your choices about the advertising you receive can be found in our Cookie Policy.
If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising, please click here.
Audience Information. When you use our app, The Nielsen Company (US), LLC and Comscore, Inc. collect information on behalf of TuneIn about your use of the Services.
Accessibility
This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed in line with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, version 2.1. If you wish to print this policy, please do so from your web browser or by saving the page as a PDF. If you need further assistance regarding the accessibility of this webpage, please contact us as described below.
Updates to this Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, would like to exercise your rights or share suggestions for improving the Privacy Policy or the Services, or otherwise would like to contact us, then please feel free to contact us per the information below.
TuneIn, Inc.
475 Brannan St., Ste 320
San Francisco, CA 94107
privacy@tunein.com
If you are located in the EEA and would like to raise a question to us about your Personal Information, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your Personal Information, then you may contact us per the information below.
TuneIn GmbH, Inc.
Zimmerstrasse 78,
10117 Berlin, Germany
privacy@tunein.com
If you are located in the United Kingdom and would like to raise a question to us about your Personal Information, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your Personal Information, then you may also contact our data protection representative.
DataRep
DataRep, 107-111 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom
tunein@datarep.com
www.datarep.com/data-request
Wherever you are, whatever you want to hear, Hear Here.
Listen NowGet Premium
Listen NowAudiobooks
Sports
Music
News
Podcasts
More
About UsContact Us
Careers
Press
ProductSupport
Devices
TuneIn Live
CommunitiesBrands
Broadcasters
Podcasters
© 2023 TuneIn, Inc. All rights reserved
Privacy
Terms
Sitemap
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Impressum