Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationJunk CleanerPrivacy PolicyIt is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Information if anyone decided to use the Service. If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and UseFor a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:Google Play Serviceshttps://policies.google.com/privacyAdMobhttps://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=enGoogle Analytics for Firebasehttps://firebase.google.com/policies/analyticsFirebase Crashlyticshttps://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/Facebookhttps://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update/printableLog Datawe want to inform you that whenever you use the Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Local information:When you use the function of WiFi security in the app, we will use location information to check and scan the security of WiFi which your phone connected. CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providerswe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.we want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to the Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Links to Other SitesThis Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Changes to This Privacy Policywe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at blacktea1312@gmail.com. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse