Skip to content
Menu
Story
Apps
Career
Team
Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, us we or our means Vulcan Labs Co., Ltd. We are committed to respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy sets outs out how we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing changes to it on our website. We encourage you to check our website periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy. Data Protection
Data Protection Legislation: We are committed to adhering to the Data Protection Act 1998 and thereafter: unless and until the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) is no longer directly applicable in the UK, the GDPR and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK; and then any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998. At Vulcan Labs, we do not misuse your data. All information uploaded by our users is processed for the purpose of our Services. No data collected is sold to third parties or used in any capacity other than for the purpose of our products and mobile applications. We do not collect or store any information or contents from the users Google Drive account. any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or app or indirectly through your use of our website or app or online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information; information you provide to us through customer surveys; or any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees, which are exempt from the Privacy Act. This third party may combine that information in order to enable it and us to develop anonymised consumer insights so that we can better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience and enhance the products and services that you receive. Using our website and cookies
Guidance note Whats on your website? Please check whether the statements below accurately reflect the ways in which you track and collect personal information through your website, including through cookies. Traditionally, cookies and information obtained from cookies are not treated as personal information if they cannot identify an individual. Please consider whether any cookies that your company uses will collect personal information. We may also use cookies or other similar tracking technologies on our website that help us track your website usage and remember your preferences. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions. You can disable cookies through your internet browser but our websites may not work as intended for you if you do so. Our app only use the photo that users grant us permission to perform our features. We do not store or collect any other information except for the photo for any other purposes than performing our service. All the photos are not stored after generating the content for users. We are committed to protecting and respecting yourprivacy. We collect your photograph, with your expressed permission, to generate yourcontent. By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content. User data deletion request:
Users can request us to delete their data by going to the app Settings and tapping Delete Account, or just simply go to app Settings and tap Email Us, then write us a request. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at support@vulcanlabs.co
Apps
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
10th Floor, 21 Nguyen Trung Ngan, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1 , HCMC. Sarimi, A2 00-01, Sala Dai Quang Minh, 74 Nguyen Co Thach, An Loi Dong, District 02. support@vulcanlabs.co
 Copyright 2023 Vulcan Labs.