Privacy Policy
The protection of your data is very important to us, and we understand our responsibilities to handle your data with care, to keep it secure and to comply with legal requirements. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all products/software, services, and websites of the File Manager Team. ( File Manager provides free services for users. To pay for the "Free" Service, personalized advertisements are placed before you. The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract. We invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree with our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your information as described in the following sections. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Service. Device Information: When you access our website or use our software, the information we collect includes IP Addresses, location data, Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and operating system (such as iOS and Android). Information collected by Third-Party Analytical Tools: Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purposes. This Policy does not govern our third-party analytical tools. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Apple Annie (Apple Annie Inc.) and Firebase (analytical platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they provide to us is aggregated analytical data. We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to make improvements to our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam. And we may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. Security
We implement industry-standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Such countries may have laws that are less protective than the country in which you reside. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required for the purpose they have been collected for. We have strict policies to control the access and usage of such data. If you would like to have your information deleted, please contact us. Here we explain all important permissions that our app requests. The clean cache of applications
This permission is required to clean cache of installed applications on your device in the Junk Clean feature. Kill background processes
This permission is used to stop other apps and boost your phone. Create windows shown on top of all other apps
This permission is used to make sure the super battery saver function can be used normally and show the process of it. The vibrator
This permission allows File Manager to provide vibration feedback after wrong password input. Keep processor from sleeping or screen from dimming
This permission is allowed to avoid screen dimming from the process of junk scan. Mounting and unmounting file systems
These permissions are used to detect and delete junk files on your devices and also used to read and store photographs if you use Photo Vault feature.