A big part of that is maintaining your privacy. We believe you deserve transparency, education, choice, protection, and simplicity. This notice also applies to sensitive personal data, a category of personal data that includes things like your social security number and account log-in credentials, as well as biometric information. This notice does not cover:
Job applicants. To learn more about the personal data we collect and use from people working with T-Mobile in a business context, please see our B2B Privacy Notice. Parents and guardians can learn more about what we do (and dont do) when it comes to childrens data by reviewing our Childrens Privacy Notice. How we collect your personal data
We collect personal data about you in four primary ways:
Directly from you, like when you create an account withT-Mobile. To learn more, read our Cookies and tracking article. We may also use location technologies to collect data about the presence of your device. Comply with, defend, pursue, and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations and respond to governmental requests. When we disclose your personal data
We may disclose your personal data with others as follows:
With your consent or at your direction We may disclose your personal data to third parties with your consent, which we may get in writing, online, or orally. We may also share your personal data with third parties when you tell us to or when you use our products or services to interact with third parties, whose separate privacy notices may apply to that data. For example, we may share data with credit bureaus and similarly regulated entities, banks for device financing, and payment processors to help us provide you with the services you have requested. We may also share mobile device identifiers, device and service usage data, and demographics information with third-party advertising partners who may use data to serve ads forT-Mobile and others as described in theAdvertising section. For more information, read the Analytics and Reporting article. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal data we have collected
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal data
The sources from which we collect personal data
The types of third parties we disclose personal data to
The types of personal data we disclose for business purposes
For multi-line accounts, the Billing Responsible Party or Primary Account Holder submitting an access request will receive account-level data for all lines on the account such as billing and rate plan information. If you request that we delete your personal data, we might not be able to offer some services to you or they might not work the way theyre supposed to or that youre used to. To verify your identity, well need information from you, like your email address and phone number. Appeal If we deny your request, residents of certain states are entitled to submit an appeal. To learn more, read the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information article. These reports do not identify you personally. We will use this data unless you tell us not to by opting out. Some opt-out mechanisms described in theAdvertising choicessection and the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information mechanism for T-Mobile websites described in theDo Not Sell or Sharesection rely on cookies to retain your opt-out preferences. If you reject or erase cookies, your opt-out choices and Do Not Sell or Share requests may not work correctly, and you may need to perform the opt-out again. We dont use or disclose precise location data for advertising unless you give us your express permission. For more information on our ad program and your choices, go to theAdvertising choicessection. Examples include to:
Route wireless communications
Operate and improve our network and business
Detect and prevent fraud
Provide information to emergency responders about where to find you when you call public safety agencies, including through 911 or similar emergency services numbers
Comply as required by law
Subject to your settings, we and others may also use geolocation data to provide location-based services (like SyncUP PETS), or to personalize your experience and ads. Look for their privacy notices to see what personal data they collect, share, and use, as we of course dont have any control over those practices. For additional details, read our Your privacy around the web article. If you keep using our products and services after we notify you, well take that to mean youre fine with the changes for any new data we collect.