Privacy PolicyWe (Power Manager,"us", "app", "the Application", or "this Application") recognize that privacy is significant. We create this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Application. Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information. Installed application list: Wetaketheconfidentialityofyourinformationveryseriouslyandhaveimplementedadministrative,physical,andelectronicmeasurestosafeguarditagainstunauthorizedaccessanduse. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes. To send you Service-related communications. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes. To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. To personalize your experience on the Services. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above. Such processing ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services. We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time. We may use the information to understand demographics of our users, and improve user experience;2. To fix the crash and ANR issues on some special devices3. The details are listed below:1.We use Facebook SDK to analyze data, please refer Facebook Privacy Policy inhttps://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy2. California Users RightsIf you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in relation to the personal information. If you want to withdraw your consent, you can go to the privacy policy in our app, and find the user data right page, to opt out of the data collection and usage. And Google and Facebook will process this according to their policy. Our Policies About ChildrenWe never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data concerning children under 13 years of age (or under 16 for children located in the European Countries).6. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You can always check the latest version of our Privacy Policy on the Application. Your continued use of any Application following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.7.