Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationSuper CleanPrivacy PolicyWhat information will be collected. This information includes your device brand, device model, network status, etc. In addition, Our application integrates SDKs from multiple analysis service providers for application optimization. They will have their own privacy policiesbut we have a routine to scan all third-party SDKs to detect if they collect sensitive user information. Our selected partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob (monetization platform of Google LLC), Facebook Audience Network (monetization platform of Facebook, Inc.), etc. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information, such as Gaid (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as a location in a specific language), location information, and IP address . This policy does not govern our third-party monetization partners, as they have their own privacy policies, which can be viewed on their website. We cannot reach or control such third parties. This policy does not apply to our third-party analysis tools. Here, we explain all the important permissions requested by our application. This permission is used to identify the apps that need to be locked by the App Lock function and help users manage the usage of the apps. This permission is used to obtain battery usage data in order to provide power consumption rankings in power saving functions. We never share your information with third parties. All the information we collect is only used to optimize our products and is stored securely on our servers in an encrypted format. This information will not be disclosed to any third party. Clear the cache of all installed applications. This permission is required to clear the cache of all applications installed in the garbage removal function on the users device. This permission is only used in the App Manager function to help users easily install applications. Create windows that are displayed on top of all other applications. We are allowed to stop other applications and use this permission to elevate your phone. Prevent the processor from sleeping or the screen from dimming. We can avoid the screen dimming during virus scanning and junk scanning. For example, we may access applications installed on your mobile phone to detect the presence of malware or viruses and provide you with real-time protection around the clock. As mentioned above, we collect your information for analysis purposes. This analysis data is only used for application optimization. We reserve the right to revise or modify this policy. Please read carefully and fully understand the updated privacy policy. If you continue to use this product, you will be deemed to have accepted the updated version of this policy. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this policy. Google Admob & Firebasehttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en2.