Privacy Policy
Last updated july 15, 2022
Mr.Cat Proxy is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how MR.CAT PROXY PTE. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. Mr.Cat Proxy uses your email address (if any depending on your choice) for the following reasons:
 To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications. SERVICE INFORMATION RELATED TO YOUR VPN USAGE
Subject to applicable laws and for the avoidance to infringe any internet service provider, any browsing information, traffic destination, data content, IP addresses, DNS queries or other similar information relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers is encrypted and cleared after the VPN "session" is closed. That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through the VPN network. More specifically, Mr.Cat Proxy has NO documents/information below under the situations of the limited connecting with your personal information and the non-collection of the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device:
We do not know which user ever accessed a particular website or service. For the purpose to fulfill our contractual obligations in good faith and to make you enjoy excellent VPN services, we collect the following information related to your VPN usage:
Information related to Apps and Apps versions
We collect information related to which Apps and Apps version(s) you have activated. The minimal information allows us to provide efficient technical support to you, such as identifying connection problems, providing country-specific advice about how to use our VPN services, and to enable our engineers to identify and fix network issues. We ensure the information we receive is fully anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual users (i.e., we do not store which user sent which data, and we do not store IP addresses). Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings. Conclusion
We collect minimal usage statistics to maintain our quality of service. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service. We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information. Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. Although you opt in to use the free, advertising-supported VPN services, we won't share the advertisers any your personal information or any usage information without your prior consent. There are no special data retention laws and no guidance pertaining to e-discovery or disclosure to foreign law enforcement agencies in Singapore. Having full correspondence records enables us to provide the best possible customer support experience. We use emails for support correspondence: [emailprotected]. Servers are housed in data centers with strong security practices. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at [emailprotected]. According to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we collect and process the data in a specific manner of users in EU outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
i) For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
 Providing users with the VPN services and Apps they have requested. Managing user subscriptions and processing payments. You can withdraw your consent at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Mr.Cat Proxy is a global business. We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected.