Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy policyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Susi Ltd Limited and its agent, Magic Light Pictures Limited, uses and protects any information that you give Susi Ltd and Magic Light Pictures when you use this website, our social media pages or apps. Susi Ltd and Magic Light Pictures are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy was last updated in May 2018. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this page regularly. We will try to notify you in advance where there are any significant or very important changes. What we collectData you give us:You may give us your identity and contact details (such as your first name and last name, email address, phone number and address) when you correspond with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. Data collected automatically: CookiesWe use cookies on our website. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to help us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings, and you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.orgBy continuing to use this site you consent to our use of cookies as described above. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform a contract with you;Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation;Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and/orWith your consent. We may disclose your Personal Data to our professional advisers and if we are required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).Your RightsWe aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of your rights please contact us via the details below. Children's PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us via the details below. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Links to other websitesOur website, social media pages and apps may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse