Apps Innova Limited Privacy Policy
Effective: 2022/6/2
Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. i. Device information
We collect your device and network connection information in order to provide you better experience when you
use our app. Data about your use of the Services
Number of clicks, landing pages, pages viewed and order of those pages, the amount of time spent on
particular pages, the date and time of your request, number of the app opened and some viewed page. Whether the function is running normally, such as whether a virus is detected. Monetization and Analytical Information from Other Sources
Third-party SDKs integrated in our app may access your information, including:
Google Advertising ID
Demographic data (e.g. determination of your IP address)
Data to fight against fraud (e.g. click fraud in advertising)
Data associated with your device (e.g. device type, technological information, country)
Data to do advertising, marketing and analysis
Advertisers may store or read cookies
The information collected by third-party SDKs is governed by the providers of these SDKs and we have no control
over such third parties. Please note that the advertising identifier does not contain
any user sensitive information that can be used to identify you as a user or your device. To carry out activities related to advertisements and marketing
To send you personalized advertising and marketing materials, we may use the information collected from you such
as ad identifiers, age, country, region, gender, language, games played by you, information related to the
interaction of you with the Services and with other users, and so forth. In order to keep the Service safe, to fight fraud and to ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate
interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Services
Prevent cheating, crime or fraud
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving users
Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data, nor can we ensure the
security of any of the communication facilities provided by us. Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to
let our app perform properly. Please contact us at
developer@appsinnova.comif you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. Right of access and rectification
If you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we will provide you with a copy without undue
delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. We will only process your restricted personal information shall with your consent or for the establishment,
exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or
for reasons of important public interest. Third-party Partners Privacy Policy
Here we list the links to the third-party partners privacy policy. Please note that these policies are
governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
9. Pubmatic
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
11. IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. You (or your agent)have the right to request that we delete your specific personal information that we
collected from you and retained, except in the following cases Such cases include:
We need your information to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, or illegal activity;
We need your information to identify and repair application errors that impair existing intended
functionality;We need your information to exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to
exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. We need your information to conduct internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based
on your relationship with us;and other cases provided by CCPA and other California laws. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. Describe your request with sufficient details
that allows us to understand and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request accurately if we cannot verify your identity. If we require more time (up
to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period by email ,telephone or other electronic
means. v. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Such discrimination include:
denying you our services; charging you different prices or rates for our services; providing you a different
level or quality of our services; suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for services or a
different level or quality of services. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary
actions. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. Changes to the Policy
Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.