Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Roblox Skins
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
March 20, 2023
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use- Personal Identity InformationWe don't collect any type of Personal Information from users.- Non-Personal Identity InformationWe may collect and use non-personal information about Users whenever they interact with our App in the following circumstances: To have a better understanding in user's behavior, to solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising. INTERNET"uses-permissionandroid:name="android.permission. Below we giving links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.1. Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook Inc. Facebook may display ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior, including those detected outside the Application. Sharing and use of data by Facebook and its affiliates that, at a minimum, include a clear and prominent notice that third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from publisher properties and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. For more information, please checkFacebook's Privacy Policy.2. Google Play ServicesFor more information, please checkGoogle Play Service's Privacy Policy. Log DataI want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service. SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Links to Other SitesThis Service may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Children's PrivacyThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Youre not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app. is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what youre paying for. Its your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by Michael Elkan
Archive
March 20232
Report Abuse