Privacy Policy
The privacy of users information carries top priority for apps. We consider our users really important & want them to know about how we collect and use information that you provide through our apps. Consent of User
By using our apps you agree to the terms and conditions set forth. You agree to the collection of your personal information and if you don't then you may not access our services. Personal Information of User
Speedy Quark VPN is committed to complying with the Children Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). We do not collect personally identifiable information from children below 13. We do not request that children provide us with personally identifiable information. Collection of Information
We collect information to provide better services for all our users, including email address, user IDs, device or other IDs and app activity. Personal information will not share to the third-party services. Information We Connect as You Use Our Services
We connect your email address only when you bind it actively with your app on devices, which helps you keep your account of our app, see which device you signed in to and manage your devices. We collect user IDs which identify unique users. We also collect device or other IDs, including android ID, mnc, Firebase installation ID, or advertising identifier, which use to play advertisements, do statistical analysis and other functions. Advertising ID may be collected by third-party services. They collect non-personal information from the user and the company makes sure to keep it separate from personal data. Use & Disclosure of Information
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants, and business advisors. We will wherever possible, maintain personal information in strict confidence. Any disclosure that is required to be made to any third party will be made primarily for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you. Third Party Services
You may use third-party services:
1. To obtain our software, applications and/or services (for example, a software marketplace);
2. Your use of these third party services may be subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you acknowledge that we are not liable for the use of your personal information by any such third parties. We strongly recommend you read these third-party policies, and the terms and conditions attaching to the third party offerings, prior to access or use. - http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
- http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
- https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
We may ask the following information in our app feedback with user consensus: Contact information including email address. We accept and carefully select an advertisement from third party advertisers to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our users. Clicking on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. You should review the privacy policy for any advertiser with which you interact. Changes to the Privacy Policy
Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service. If you have any questions feel free to send us an email to us. We will make sure to get back to you as soon as possible.