AppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport
0+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
Apple Privacy Policy
Updated December 22, 2022
Apples Privacy Policy describes how Apple collects, uses, and shares your personal data. Thats why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as personal data, no matter where the individual lives. This Privacy Policy covers how Apple or an Apple-affiliated company (collectively, Apple) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting our retail stores). If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from privacy.apple.com, you can make a request at apple.com/legal/privacy/contact.There may be situations where we cannot grant your request  for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at apple.com/legal/privacy/data.When you create an Apple ID, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:Account Information. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share themFinancial Information. Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offeringsGovernment ID Data. Personal Data Apple Receives from Other Sources
Apple may receive personal data about you from other individuals, from businesses or third parties acting at your direction, from our partners who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other lawful sources. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes. At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale. We use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. A child Apple ID may be created by the parent or, in the case of a Managed Apple ID, by the child's educational institution. To create a child account, parents must review the Family Privacy Disclosure for Children, which describes how Apple handles children's personal data. Cookies and Other Technologies
Apples websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons. If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and youre using the Safari web browser, choose Block all cookies in Safaris privacy settings. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages. On your iOS or iPadOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be. Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, well post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file. United States
Copyright 
2023
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.