Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationSpace CleanPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyYour privacy and data security are extremely important to us. Whether the function is running normally, such as whether a virus is detected. The links to the above-mentioned platforms privacy policy are attached in the section Third-party Privacy Policy.1. It is used exclusively for advertising and analytics. It is not connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example: SSAID, MAC address, IMEI, etc.).2. Designated CountriesFor all information listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or any equivalent legislation (collectively Data Protection Laws), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, the Designated Countries) based on our contract with you.1. To improve and optimize the ServicesTo provide better Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to: Update and develop the Services Develop and improve your experience Manage the relationship with you Customize your service experience Respond to your comments and questions and provide support to you Provide offers in the Services as well as in other websites and services Send related information (e.g. updates, security alerts, support messages) to you1. We may also use various third party advertising and marketing partners to assist us on our behalf and may share information collected from you with such third parties for this purpose. In order to keep the Service safe, to fight fraud and to ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to Analyze and monitor use of the Services Prevent cheating, crime or fraud Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving usersDespite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data, nor can we ensure the security of any of the communication facilities provided by us. In particular, please note that any personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data that you communicate or disclose to any user in connection with the Services may be collected and used by others. We may disclose your personal information to our business partners, including advertisers, publishers, and data tracking companies. These business partners may use your personal information to show you advertisements, measure your ad/site interaction, and better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behavior to improve their services. What Are the Important Permissions We Request?Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to let our app perform properly. When we receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.- Right to object to processingYou may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal basis of consent, contract or legitimate interests. Right to lodge a complaintIf you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at dexiong257@gmail.com so that we can work to resolve your concerns. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. InMobihttps://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/9. This notice is designed to supplement the information described in our <Privacy Policy> and applies solely to users who reside in the State of California (consumers or you).IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. Your Right to Request for InformationAs required by CCPA, you( or your authorized agent) have the right to request us to disclose information to you about how we collect, use and share your personal information over the past 12 months. How You Exercise Your RightsTo exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by dexiong257@gmail.comOnly you or your authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Data collection instructions for minorsThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.1. Changes to the PolicyAny information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If such change has been made, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.