Privacy Policy
Welcome to visit our products. What information do we collect about you? This section describes the various types of information we collect from and about you. More information about some of the mechanisms we use to collect this information, such as cookies, is available in Section 4 (Tracking Technologies & Cookies). You may choose to provide us with information when you communicate with us (e.g. via email for support or to inquire about our services), including when you fill out an online form, respond to surveys, provide feedback, participate in promotions, or submit information through our services. We collect information about how you interact with our services, such as how much bandwidth you use, and when and for how long you use our services. For example, we may collect device identifiers, browser types, device types and settings, operating system versions, mobile, wireless, and other network information (such as internet service provider name, carrier name and signal strength), and application version numbers. However, we do not log any information that associates your identity with your VPN browsing activity. To provide, maintain, troubleshoot, and support our services. To protect your data, we enter into appropriate confidentiality and data processing terms with these third parties, review their security practices, and limit information sharing to the scope of what they are helping us with. We are fiercely protective of the privacy of our users. Subject to the foregoing, we may share your information if we are required to do so by applicable law; to comply with our legal obligations; to comply with legal process; and to respond to valid law enforcement requests relating to a criminal investigation, or alleged or suspected illegal activity that may expose us, you, or any of our other users to legal liability. For example, some of these advertising networks may collect information through their SDKs, such as your mobile advertising identifier, IP address, and device information, for the purpose of serving you with personalized ads (ads that they think are more relevant to you) and measuring your response to those ads. While we request you not to use ad blockers to prevent the display of third party ads, because that is how we support our free services, our services are able to continue functioning if you do use ad blockers. For convenience, we refer to these as tracking technologies, although they are not always used to track individuals and the information collected is in a non-identifiable form that does not reference any personal data. Cookies may expire after a period of time, depending on what they are used for. SDKs
SDKs or software development kits are software code provided by our business partners that let our software interact with the services those partners provide. Sometimes these interactions will involve that business partner collecting some information from the device on which the software is run. Some cookies are essential for the proper operation of our services. Cookies are used to inform us how users interact with our services so we can, as a legitimate interest, improve how they work (such as what screens or webpages you access, and whether our advertising is effective). Cookies can enable us and our payment processors to detect certain kinds of fraud. We advertise our services online with the help of third parties who show ads and marketing about us on sites around the internet. These partners use these technologies for the following purposes:
To provide our services. For more information, please see the Displaying Advertisements section above. Your Choices
Our Cookies: Most web browsers and some mobile devices give you the ability to manage your cookie preferences, including deleting cookies and blocking cookies from being set on those browsers or devices. These opt out mechanisms are not provided by us and we are not responsible for the availability or operation of them. Note that after opting out of personalized advertising, you may still see non-personalized ads. Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to help us understand how users use our services. We continuously work to improve such safeguards. 5.Age Restrictions
Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors.