Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy Policy Privacy PolicyThank you for playing our game and taking an interest in privacy! In addition, the Company may use any such information for security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, cheating and other improper or unlawful activities), or enforcement purposes. The Company only uses this data in aggregate form, for statistical purposes, and not in a manner that would give the Company sufficient information to identify you personally. Automatically collected information of that kind typically provides us with a greater understanding regarding the use of this App, including which features are the most popular with our visitors, what types of content, games, offers and products our users are interested in, where they are generally located and what are their general mobile usage behavioral patterns. Most of the time we collect through your direct interactions with our Services, but we may also automatically collect personal information from your devices, and occasionally from third parties or publicly available sources. We may share and receive personal information about you from various third parties as follows:Technical Information and Usage Information from the following parties:Advertising NetworksContact Information, Transaction Information, and Technical Information from providers of technical, communications, and service providers;Social Networking Posting Tools and Share features. Identifiers and Technical Information from Social Networks when you grant us permission to access data on one or more of those services. However, you can also let us know that youd rather not hear from us with this type of communication. We will only make these marketing decisions if you agree to receive email marketing from us. We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile devices advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. If Pebblemastera provides information to a website or app for these advertising purposes, the information may only be used to display the Pebblemastera ad. In such a situation, the information we obtain from you in connection with such a contest, sweepstake or offering may be shared with our co-sponsor, unless you instruct us not to (which may result in you not being able to participate). We enter into written contracts with any unaffiliated third-party data controllers requiring them to provide the same level of protection for your personal information that is required of us. We also limit their use of your personal information so that it is consistent with any consent you have provided and with the notices you have received. This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personal information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.7. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we would take action to ensure that such information is deleted from our server.9. You hereby expressly consent to the transfer of your personal information to recipients, as described in this Privacy Policy, which are located outside the EEA.10. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. You may object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. Changes to our Privacy PolicyBy using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. This Policy is expected to change from time to time.