In order to view this page correctly, you must have a JavaScript-enabled browser and have JavaScript turned on. To see the content of this webpage correctly, please update to the latest version or install a new browser for free, such as Avast Secure Browser or Google Chrome. which has its principal place of business at 1737/1A Pikrtova, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 140 00.If you live in the United Kingdom, Avasts representative established in the UK is AVG Technologies UK Ltd.,110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. To register with us or to be able to log in later on our pages or in our products, we offer you, in addition to our own procedure, the option to do this via the services Facebook Connect, Google, and Apple ID. If you want more detail about Device and Service Data we process on a product basis, please refer to our Products Policy. For this purpose, we will process the information from your product and device (e.g. crash reports, usage data), your contact details as well as other information you will provide to us (e.g. description of the issue). In order to fulfill legal obligations, we process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, sanction checks or other obligations to which we are subject. Because of this, we have a legitimate interest to optimize the content and delivery of this type of communication to you so that you are likely to find them relevant and non-intrusive at the same time. How We Process Your Personal Data
We do our best to disconnect or remove all direct identifiers from the Personal Data that we use:
For free versions, this disconnection or removal of identifiers begins when the products and services are initially activated. We do not store the IP address from this process. In the United States only, for AntiVirus customers only, we may use certain limited Billing Data, Account Data, and Service Data that are already collected for the functioning of our products to make inferences about your purchase of our products in the future, in order to personalize discounts that we offer you. For further information, including the exact scope of processed Personal Data and names of relevant products, please refer to our Consent Policy which includes the list of our advertising partners and their privacy policy. Situations where we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA include: allowing access to Personal Data stored in the Google Cloud Platform to Google personnel located outside the EEA, the provisioning of our products and services and third-party services related to it, the processing of transactions and of your payment details, and the delivery of support services. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed. Technical Safeguards
We store your personal information in our database using the protections described above. We also keep your Billing data to enable the renewal of your subscriptions;
For Product Data, only as long as necessary for the purposes of a particular product or service. We use rolling deletion periods which means we regularly delete collected data in the given periods starting from the collection of that respective data. You have the right to object to such processing, on grounds relating to your particular situation, and we are required to assess the processing in order to ensure compliance with all legally binding rules and applicable regulations. Right to withdraw consent - In the case of processing based on your consent, as specified in our Consent Policy, you can withdraw your consent at any time, by using the same method (if technically possible) you used to provide it to us (the exact method will be described in more detail with each consent when you provide it). Where requests we receive are unfounded or excessive, in particular because they repeat, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request. Non-EU Jurisdictions
Residents of the Russian Federation
We collect and process Personal Data relating to those within the territory of the Russian Federation in strict compliance with the applicable laws of the Russian Federation. We do not offer, sell or otherwise make available our products or services that have access to, collect and process (or allow us to do the same) Personal Data of third parties in the Russian Federation without the consent of such third parties. Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information You can find all purposes of processing your personal information listed in the section Why We Process Your Personal Data. Our products are not targeted at minors under 16 years of age. Right To Opt Out Of Sale or Sharing
If your personal information is subject to a sale or sharing, you have the right to opt out from that sale or sharing. We may require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and that the authorized agent verify their identity directly with us. We are registered as Avast Software s.r.o. and our registered address is Pikrtova 1737/1a, 140 00 Prague 4, Nusle, Postal Code 140 00, Czech Republic. You can contact our data protection officer via dpo@avast.com. Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions.