Privacy Policy  Phone Guardian
Available at: phoneguardianapp.com/pp/en.php
Privacy Policy
See previous versions
data.ai Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications (Phone Guardian)
Last Updated February 23, 2023
Our Privacy Policy Has Recently Changed. For more information about how
data.ai processes your personal information when you visit our website at data.ai, please review https://www.data.ai/en/legal/privacy/.
Summary
This data.ai Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications (" Policy") explains how the App
collects information about you and about how you use your mobile device, including information about the apps you
use and websites you visit. The Policy also explains your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you
can
contact us if you have any questions or concerns. No part of the App is directed to children under the age of 16,
nor do we knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16 (see Section 7 of this Policy). Where applicable, we indicate whether and why the provision of your Personal Information is a statutory or
contractual requirement, as well as the possible consequences of failing to do so. i. Personal Information Provided
Directly by You When You Engage with Us
If you contact us directly, such as to request information, access the App, or connect with Customer Support, we
may
receive additional Personal Information about you, such as your name, email address, the content, date and time of
your message, and our reply. Personal Information contained in the network traffic transmitted through the VPN and encrypted by us is
processed as
part of our service that we provide through this App. Please note that if you seek help through the Help and
Feedback section within the App, we use a third party to facilitate customer support on our behalf, and the Phone
Guardian website privacy policy applies: phoneguardianapp.com/pp.php. Withdrawing your consent will not impact the legality of us having processed your
Personal Information prior to you withdrawing your consent. How much time is generally spent on social networks (e.g., Facebook, Twitter)? How many times per day is a specific app being used on a general basis? We use a third-party service to detect App crashesGoogle LLC's Firebase Crashlytics in the U.S. (see Section
10
of this Policy)to process:
Device-specific information (e.g., model, operating system and version number);
Per-installation identifier (a random installation identifier unique to Firebase);
Coarse geographic location information inferred from your IP address (e.g., city, country); and
Other crash-related information (e.g., date and time of crash and crash traces). You also consent to Leanplum Inc. and Google LLC storing and accessing information on your device, including
unique per-installation identifiers that are only used in relation to analytics and remote configuration. We do not combine personal
information collected through Firebase or Leanplum with any other personal information we may have received from
you for other purposes. Your consent will allow us to disclose and process your Personal Information through the Leanplum and Firebase
services we currently use. Your consent also will allow Leanplum and Firebase to store and gain access to
per-installation identifiers on your mobile device. See a list of our Related Companies here: phoneguardianapp.com/related-companies.php. As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
Subject to applicable local laws and regulations we disclose Personal Information we have about you: (i) if we
are
required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to
requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is
necessary
or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss to property; or
(iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. We do not sell your Personal
Information. You may contact us as specified in "How to Contact Us" (see Section 12 of this Policy) to obtain a copy
of
the appropriate and suitable safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of these countries. Unless we are required or permitted by law to keep this information for a
longer period of time, when this information is no longer necessary to carry out the purposes for which we process
it, we will delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you. Electronic communications sent to or from the App may not be secure. Do Not Track
Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track" feature. You can reset the advertising identifier randomly assigned to your device at any time and can
opt out of personalized ads by denying such permissions on your device. Once you delete the App from your device, we will no longer
receive any of your information, including Personal Information, and we will no longer be able to identify you
as a user of the App because your information will be anonymized. You can exercise this right by going to the Data Privacy Preferences page and selecting
"Data Export." You can, for example, contact the supervisory authority in
the EU Member State of your residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. We also may contact you by email (if
you
have provided it to us) to verify your identity and ask you additional questions so that we can match your
identity
with the data we have about you. To use an authorized agent, we may require:
(1)
your signed permission designating the authorized agent; (2) evidence that the authorized agent has power of
attorney under the California Probate Code; or (3) proof that the authorized agent is registered with the
California
Secretary of State and that you have authorized such authorized agent to be able to act on your behalf. Legal Department
44 Montgomery Street, Third Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104 USA
data.ai's Data Protection Officer may be contacted via email (PG-privacy@data.ai) or at the following address:
data.ai inc.