HomeKnowledge BaseContact SupportPrivacy PolicyEffective date: August 20, 20181. Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send. When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, advertising ID, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Location DataWe may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings. Tracking & Cookies DataWe use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Examples of Cookies we use:Session Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Kraftwerk 9 Inc will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.8. Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Children's PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.16.