Privacy policy
(A) Who we are: We are QR Scanner & Barcode Reader developer, a publishing company delivering apps for mobile devices. QR Scanner & Barcode Reader developer is the controller of your personal information, and is responsible for your personal information. How long we store your personal information;
5. Where we may transfer your personal information;
8. Two of the fundamental rights to be aware of are that:
1. you may ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You can find out more information in section 5. (F) What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information. The detail  the key information you should be aware of
1. (b) If you contact our customer support function, we will collect your e-mail address (as well as any other information you include in your correspondence with us), including any updates to any of that information. 1.3 Other uses of your personal information
(a) We also collect, use and store your personal information for the following additional reasons:
(i) to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you. We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests to do so;
(iii) to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us  this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as where we are legally required to do so; and
(iv) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights  this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to do so. Please contact us using the details in section 10 if you want further information on the analysis we will undertake to establish if a new use of your personal information is compatible with these purposes. This applies in relation to the advertising and marketing materials delivered via our apps that are tailored to you and your preferences. You can control and withdraw your consent at any time on our apps. You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details at section 10. To achieve this, we use third-party advertising and technology companies to serve advertising and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving advertising when you visit or use our apps. For example, we may use the Facebook Custom Audiences service and share your IDFA with Facebook so that we can: serve relevant advertising to you or include you in a custom audience that we will serve relevant advertising to you on Facebook; or create an audience of other Facebook users based on the information in your Facebook profile. This includes Google, Amazon and Apple;
(c) Google, Inc. (trading as Firebase), who provide analytics of bugs and issues with our apps, so that we can fix, stabilise and improve our apps;
3.7 We may share your personal information with our group companies where it is in our legitimate interests to do so:
(a) to enable them to provide customer support to you; or
(b) for internal administrative and management purposes (for example, for corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and development and quality assurance). 3.9 We may also disclose and use anonymised, aggregated reporting and statistics about users of our apps for the purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our group or other third parties. Your rights
5.1 You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 10. We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are, using the contact details in section 10. You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person's legitimate interest. Children
6.1 You must be aged 16 or over to purchase products or services from us. 6.3 Please contact us on email listed with our apps on Google Play or AppStore if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child below the age of 16. For example, your email address will be encrypted, which will make it extra hard for someone to discover and use them without our authorisation. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access to it. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be made available to you via the privacy policy, accessible in our app.