Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPERSONAL INFORMATIONBash Group respect the privacy of every users of our applications, Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. We do not collect Personal Information. " Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and , excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error. Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us analyze, develop, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service. NON-PERSONAL INFORMATIONNon-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, rom , location ,phone model, installed apps name & package name, phone operator, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe take precautions including administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. When you use some apps, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features. Software may access files on the device such as images, videos when you use "Cleaning" feature. We do not upload these files off of your device and SD card. SENSITIVE INFORMATIONWe ask that you do not send us, any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through the Application or the Services or otherwise to us. E. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTY PARTNERSWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, and etc. Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device. SECURITYOptimize Technologies is very concerned about to give best safe environment regarding the user Information. We do not collect Personal Information and we also designed our apps to protect your non-personal Information. OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACYTo make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. PRIVACY QUESTIONSWe may update Privacy Policy from time to time, when we change the policy in a material way, the notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us: sergii.kolomiiets.ebash@gmail.com Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse