Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your use of the VPN services we provide (the "Service") and their associated website domains (the "Site"). These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement (the "Agreement") between you and Thunder VPN. ( Thunder VPN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. Any changes in the Terms will be incorporated into a revised Agreement that we will post on the Site. Unless otherwise specified, such changes shall be effective when they are posted. Usage Policy
You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with your use of this service. Engaging in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other subscriber from using or enjoying the Service. Attempting to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of "hacking"). Posting to or transmitting through the Service any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that may constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, national or international law. Violations of this Usage Policy may result in termination of your account, without any refund of amounts previously paid for the Service. Additionally, you may be held responsible for any and all damages incurred by Thunder VPN , including any amounts charged by any outside entity due to said violation(s), including without limitation attorneys fees and costs. Thunder VPN grants to you a non-exclusive, limited license to use the Software solely for the purpose stated by Thunder VPN at the time the Software is made available to you and in accordance with these Terms. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by Thunder VPN, is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy
We are committed to your privacy, we will not collect your personal identifying information, nor will we collect or log traffic data or browsing activity from individual users connected to our VPN. When you use our app we may collect the following information:
Internet service provider
Device OS version
Device manufacturer and model
Language of the device
App version
Times when connected to our service, and the total amount of data transferred per day, etc. We store this to be able to deliver the best possible network experience to you. We analyze this information generically and keep the data secure. Our software may send diagnostic data to a third party analytics provider for the purpose of identifying connection errors and possible bugs in our application. The information collected is generic in nature and does not contain personally identifying information. Disclaimers
We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and the Service. However, these are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The Site may contain links to third party websites ("Third Party Websites"). The Third Party Websites are not under the control of Thunder VPN and, as such, Thunder VPN is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any Third Party Website. We do not control, nor are we responsible for, any data, content, services, or products (including software) that you access, download, receive or buy while using the Service. We are not a publisher of third-party content accessed through the Service and are not responsible for the content, accuracy, timeliness or delivery of any opinions, advice, statements, messages, services, graphics, data or any other information provided to or by third parties as accessible through the Service. VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations and quality may vary. Thunder VPN
will attempt to make the Service available at all times. However, the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control including but not limited to emergencies, third party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference or signal strength, and may be interrupted, refused, limited or curtailed. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur.