Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted
when you access, install, or use the SuperVPN Services. All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms. By visiting our website, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the
Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If
you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Information in this Privacy Policy is provided in layers, meaning that all information related to our general
personal data processing practices is provided here. Processing of your data
SuperVPN processes user data to a limited scope  for provision of the Services, processing payments for the
Services, as well as the functioning of our websites and mobile applications. We process the following basic
information:
Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your
registration. It is necessary for establishing a SuperVPN account, retrieving a lost password, and purchasing our VIP
Services. Payment related information
Payment data (if using VIP Services). This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing
information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. We also process some of the same payment information ourselves in cases of recurring payments. Information collected on our app
Access logs. As most apps on the internet, our app collects access logs (such as IP address, browser
type, operating system) to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. This information is also essential for fighting against DDoS attacks, scanning and similar hacking attempts. Sharing your personal data
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use third-party service providers to help us with various operations, such as payment
processing, email automation, website and app diagnostics, analytics and other. As a result, some of these
providers may process personal information. Sometimes our service providers, for example, distributors, resellers, and app store partners, will be
independent controllers of your data. Their terms and conditions and privacy policies will apply to such
relationships. Your personal information may be processed in any country in which we engage service providers. When you use our
Services, you acknowledge the transfer of your personal information outside of the country where you reside. Choices related to your data
If you'd like to edit your profile information, delete your account or data, please contact our support team. Please note that you may need to pass through a couple of account verification steps so that we can verify you
are the owner of the account. If you disagree with the processing of your data by SuperVPN, please do not use our Services. You can request us
to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is
necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all
personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other SuperVPN's legal relationship with you (e.g.,
record keeping, accounting, processing refunds). If you wish to use the SuperVPN again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. Data security
We take data security very seriously and take all steps reasonably necessary to secure your data (whether
technical, physical, or administrative).