This version is provided so you can PRINT a version of this content in a single document. A message from our Chief Privacy Officer. Our privacy policies explain how you can make these choices. Read up on California and Virginia privacy rights. Let's make sure you're in the right place. Verizon Privacy Policies
The Verizon privacy policy applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers in the United States. Verizon Privacy Policy Summary
Full Verizon Privacy Policy
California Privacy Rights
Verizon Privacy Dashboard
Fios Privacy Policy
International Privacy Centre
Our International Privacy Centre applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers outside of the United States. Message+
Hum
Smart Family
Gizmo
Wild and Seek
Care Smart
Advanced Messaging
Subsidiary companies
Separate privacy policies apply for some of our subsidiary companies. Visible
BlueJeans
Tracfone
State Privacy Rights
Some state laws provide additional privacy rights to residents. California
Maine
Nevada
Virginia
Notices
Separate privacy notices apply for additional offerings. Mobile Location Analytics
Mobile Device Installment Plan
Automated License Plate Recognition
Here's a summary of our Privacy Policy. We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections. Our Privacy Policy details the information we collect, how we use and share it, and the choices you have about how your information is used and shared. Weve summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience. We also collect information about how our network and your devices are working, including the location of your wireless devices. We use information to provide you with services and enhance your experiences with us. Learn more
Does Verizon share my information? We do not sell or share information that individually identifies you outside of Verizon and its affiliate companies unless work is being performed on our behalf, you have given consent, or we have notified you through our privacy policies or other agreements that we have with you. We may also share certain non-personally identifiable information with third parties. Another program develops insights by analyzing de-identified customer information and reporting on aggregate behaviors. You also have choices about other uses of your information, such as for our advertising and insights programs, for verification purposes, and for certain uses of device information where applicable. We have a variety of safeguards in place to help protect your information against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Learn more
Do I have specific rights under privacy laws in the United States? You may have additional rights under the Cable Act and state laws, including California, Maine, Nevada and Virginia privacy laws. We periodically update our privacy policy. View Recent Changes
Related topics
Read
Curious about our responses to government data demands? Our Transparency Report provides information about data requests we receive. Tips
Discover tips to keep your account secure. Read
Looking for support parenting in a digital world? Navigate tips and advice for your connected family.