BeePass VPNAbout usInstallation guideSupportFAQPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrivacy policy
BeePass VPN (BeePass, we, or us) is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information which you may provide, or that we may obtain from you, when you use our website, our VPN services, or otherwise correspond with us. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. We maintain information relating to our customers and their orders based upon information provided by you. Only personal information that is reasonably necessary is collected. This is why BeePass VPN allows users to send feedback from the app. We recommend not including personally identifiable information, but if you would like our team to follow up with you or help troubleshoot an issue, you can share your email address or Telegram username through the in-app feedback form. If BeePass VPN crashes or a fatal exception occurs, or if you manually send feedback through the BeePass VPN app, the information listed below will be shared with us:
Unique identifier Device ID. This ID is randomly generated client-side and does not map to Android unique device identifier. This information may include the date and time you access the website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the website, the IP address assigned to you by your Internet service provider, the operating system and browser you are using and any information accessed on the website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the website, to track your activity at the Website in order to respond to your needs, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your website experience. Other Information
We may collect personal information from you when you make inquiries about our products and services, request assistance through our customer service department or when you voluntarily subscribe to a BeePass service or newsletter. Third Parties
Our website and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization. What Do We Use Your Personal Information For? In some circumstances, your personal information may be stored, processed, shared or otherwise used on servers belonging to other third party service providers located within or outside of Canada, including those in the Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Korea, the Netherlands, Norway, the United States or to other trusted third parties based in other countries. By using our Services or otherwise providing us with personal information, you agree to the transferring of your personal information outside of Canada in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations. We also store this information as part of our conversation with the user to be able to track and reach out to users in the future. This data is stored in an encrypted database. When users reach out for support through email. We store your personal information for only as long as is needed to carry out the purposes set out in this Policy. BeePass does not sell, rent, or lease to third parties any personal information it collects from you. If BeePass is involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, then BeePass may disclose your personal information in connection with the transfer or sale but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the confidentiality of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. We will not otherwise share your personal information with third parties without your consent, unless authorized or required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected (including in this Policy). We keep the personal information we collect about you confidential in accordance with this Policy and have adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational procedures appropriate to the sensitivity of the data to safeguard the personal information you provide to us. Please e-mail our Privacy Officer at support@beepassvpn.com and we will assist you. You may be required to put your request in writing to confirm your request and identity. It is your responsibility to notify us of any changes to your personal information, including contact information, so we can contact you and inform you about updates to this Policy and any other relevant information with respect to your account and use of our products and services. You may withdraw your consent to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information about you at any time. We will let you know by posting changes on our website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 6 , 2021.