Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how
Messenger for SMS treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of
Messenger for SMS's products, services, and websites. This privacy policy (Privacy
Policy) applies to all products/software, services and websites of Messenger for SMS. The Services are not intended for use
by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract. If you have objections to this Privacy
Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services. you to periodically consult this section
for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email
or a system message to your account. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree with our collection,
storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in the following sections. Using the functions of the application implies consent to send and
receive SMS. We do not provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your
information to provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. We may use personal information
submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, share, and improve our
products and services and supply higher quality service. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you
transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk. In particular,when you choose to use the
application, by default you agree to receive any text messages from MAVERICKS MOBILE. Links to other Web sites and Third Party
Ads
The Services may include advertisements
regarding or otherwise contain hyperlinks to other websites, including those of our business
partners, vendors and advertisers. You acknowledge and agree We are not responsible for the content
or for the privacy practices employed by third parties. Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to
children. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to retain
personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal
obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires,
personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right
to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the
retention period. This section only applies to
individuals that access or use our Service while located in the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and/or United Kingdom (collectively, the Designated Countries) at the time of data
collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the
Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in. We act as a data controller with
regard to any personal information collected from individuals accessing or using its Service. Any third parties that act as our service providers or
are otherwise acting on our behalf are data processors that handle your personal information
in accordance with our instructions. You may object to our
processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal
information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. If we
process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the
processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal
information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer
your personal information directly to another controller, where technically feasible, unless
exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. Limitations to Individual Rights
Requests. When granting access would have a
negative impact on other's privacy;
iii. Where the request is frivolous or
burdensome. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out
of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual provisions for transferring
personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred. If you
believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this
Policy, please contact us at smsmessagesfeedback@gmail.com , so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns.