May 2023 UpdateAs always, we dont track you. Other companies track your data  like your search and browse history  to create detailed profiles about you, and then use those profiles to follow you around with ads so creepy it can seem like your devices are listening in on you (even when they arent). Thats why we offer an all-in-one privacy product as a privacy preserving alternative to products like Google Search and Google Chrome, to help protect your everyday online activities. We dont save or share your search or browsing history when you search on DuckDuckGo or use our apps and extensions. We also never log IP addresses or any unique identifiers to disk. At a technical level, we achieve this by calling for content (for example, images) on your behalf from our servers and then ensuring that content is securely delivered to you through an end-to-end encrypted connection. In order for our product to function, we share anonymous browser and device information with our hosting and content providers for security and display purposes (for example, that youre using a mobile device), but we never share any information with them that could tie your searches or website visits to you personally, or that could allow them to create a history of your individual search queries or the sites you browse. As such, we cannot prevent your device's IP address from being seen by your internet service provider, our hosting provider, or other internet providers in between (typically, there are one or more internet providers between any two points on the Internet). For example, if you browse Facebook, Facebook will know what you do on their site. Our Web Tracking Protections page details how our various protections function and their limitations. We make our money from private search ads on our search engine. For example, if you search for cars, well show you ads about cars. Viewing ads on DuckDuckGo Search is anonymous, like the rest of our search results (as described above). For optional features, we only request personal information necessary for the feature to function and only use the information for that purpose. To improve and promote our product, we develop and use only anonymous methods to learn key insights. For example, we design anonymous experiments to test different designs. We dont track you through cookies or any other storage methods. For instance, we might use local storage to anonymously remember the fact that youve already dismissed a prompt to install our app so that we dont annoy you by showing it again. You can also unsubscribe at any time, at which point we will delete it. Similarly, if you reach out to us directly for support, to provide feedback (such as in a crash report or on our search engine), or for other reasons, we will only use your contact information to respond to you. Finally, if you apply for a position on our team, any information you provide falls under ourRecruiting Information Policy. We respect and support your legal privacy rights. Additionally, DuckDuckGo team members are also distributed worldwide, and while we have robust security and access controls in place, authorized team members access DuckDuckGo servers as necessary to operate our services. In such scenarios, if any cross-border transfers are necessary, we will follow applicable legal requirements. Privacy laws in some jurisdictions provide certain rights with respect to the limited personal information we may hold about you from our optional features or from your reaching out to contact us. Our apps and website are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13.We do not sell your personal information. We have never sold any personal information. We will post a notice on this page when our policy is updated. We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on our website. About Us 2023 DuckDuckGoPrivacy, simplified.