Privacy Policy
General
The FlyProxy network is a No Log network. Additionally, FlyProxy cannot disclose
information about the applications, services or websites our users consume while connected to our services; as FlyProxy does not store this information. In using our Services, you agree not to:
Send or transmit unsolicited advertisements or content (i.e., spam") over the Service. Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content protected by copyright or any other proprietary right without first having obtained permission from the owner of the proprietary content. Upload, download, post, reproduce, or distribute any content that includes sexual or explicit depictions of minors. Engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other Subscriber from using or enjoying the Service. Attempt to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of hacking). Attempt to compile, utilize, or distribute a list of IP addresses operated by VPN in conjunction with the Service. Use the Service for anything other than lawful purposes. This usage data may include such information as the date and time of your login and the IP addresses you visited. Applying these rules may require real-time analysis of Internet and data traffic including destination websites or IP addresses,
originating IP addresses. However, no log is maintained regarding this information as it is a real-time process. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to our users. We may use your information to debug a problem. When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements. We process personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personal Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may provide Your Information to our partners for the sole purpose of allowing them to conduct business. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect
the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users rights or property. Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website or app. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for
the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at our website. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is
material, we will notify you via an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.