HOME
APPS
GAMES
ABOUT
CONTACTS
Privacy policy
Last Modified: April 24, 2023
DoMobile values your privacy. When you use our services (including websites, mobile applications and games), we may collect and use your related information. If the related information was not provided, otherwise you may not register as our user to use some of our services or we may not able to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences from our services. So we've developed a Privacy Policy that covers aspects of how we and our marketing and ads partners collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Such as your mobile device's brand, model, operating system, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory ("RAM"), the application you have installed, the applications you have running in the background, mobile device's advertising ID, activation time and country code of the device etc. Information about your account and game progress. Such player profile, the level and equipment information etc. 3.Information we collect from our partners. We encourage you to review the privacy policies on the third-party websites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites. Such as, when you want to reset password, we collect the IMEI code of the device. to help us develop new services and improve our existing services;
4. to analyze data and better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services to better respond your desires and preferences, including language and location setting, personalized services, help and instructions, or other responses to you and other customers on other aspects of our services;
5. to verify software or administer software upgrades;
6. to evaluate the effect of advertisements and other marketing scheme we put in our services and improve it, so we can push advertisements you have more interest or better meet your needs,
8. Social feature is an important part of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your desktop computer or mobile device. You can withdraw your consent to cookies by updating the settings within your browser. However, some parts of the Services may not function normally. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings. You can restrict us to collect related information from your devices by changing the "Settings" in the devices. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
 Comply with a legal obligation; or
 Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. Children
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children during using DoMobile products and services. We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 18, you may use our website with accompany of your parents or guardians. Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about DoMobile's Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, pleasecontact us. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.