Privacy Policy
Dear User, Thank you for using our application. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This privacy policy applies to the products, websites, and content of our services. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy by posting new versions of Linko Technology's Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date of this policy will be served and protected by the new Privacy Policy. We will share users' approximate location with third parties for analysis and advertising purposes
Personal Information
We do not collect and share users' personal information, such as name, email, ID, address, number, etc. Financial Information
We do not collect and share financial information about our users, such as payment information, transaction history, other financial information, etc. Health Information
Health information and fitness information are not collected and shared. Photos and Videos
We collect photos, videos, etc. from users to identify junk files in order to provide cleanup functions, but this operation will not store user information to protect user data security. Audio files
We collect user's voice, audio recordings, other audio files, etc. We do not collect and share app interactions, in-app search history, or other actions, etc. Notwithstanding our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data or any communication facilities we provide. We advise you to exercise caution when disclosing any information through the Services. In particular, please be aware that any personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data that you communicate or disclose to any user about the Services may be collected and used by others. About Your Rights
Rights of Individuals Residing in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. We provide you with the following rights when you use our Services. If you wish to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us. When we receive your request, please ensure that you are prepared to verify your identity. Please note that your rights are limited. to take appropriate administrative and technical measures to protect your personal information from loss or misuse, unauthorized or unlawful access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction when you access the application using your device; and to provide the same level of protection as the Privacy Shield principles standard. Please note that these policies are managed by a third party and we have no control over them. The partners below include those we are working with, will be working with, or have worked with. Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Google AdMob and firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook audience network and Facebook analysis
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
5. Children's privacy
The products and services we provide are not intended for persons under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 provides personal information to us, we will immediately remove that information from our servers. Also, we may revise our privacy policy from time to time. In the event of such changes, we will provide you with additional forms of notice of modifications or updates, as appropriate. If you continue to use our applications or services after a change in the policy, this will mean that you accept the change in the policy. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, you may contact us via email.