Skip to content
Menu
Chromecaster
Fire Remote
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
TV Cast
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Chengdu BoostVision Technology Co., Ltd ( hereby called the BoostVision) protects your privacy when entering our website at www.boostvision.com.cn and our mobile applications (collectively, the Service). It covers what information about you or associated with you is collected, used and disclosed by BoostVision. We collect personal information when you create an account, such as your email address and password, as well as your phone number if you provide one to enable two-factor authentication or if you use our telephony service. You can always disable this access in your devices settings. We collect this kind of information (such as your operating system version, hardware manufacturer & model, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, installed apps and mobile network information) to provide our services, implement app features, and improve the app performance. In addition to information about your device, we collect information about how you interact with the Service, such as the page that referred you, your search terms, pages or areas of the Service you use or share, the time and duration of visits, features you used and links you clicked on. We use it to connect your phone with your TV. If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services. Google Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. See our Cookie Notice for more information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. For security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety
We may use your personal information as we believe appropriate to investigate or prevent violation of the law or our Terms of Service; to secure the Service; to protect our, your or others rights, privacy, safety or property; and to protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity. You can opt-out from customized ad experience at any time by checking the privacy settings of your android device and choosing opt-out of interest-based ads. How We Share Your Personal Information
Affiliates
We may share some or all of your personal information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require those entities to honor this Privacy Policy. Once we process your request you will not be able to access your account or use the Service. Marketing communications
You may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt-out prompt in the message, or by contacting us. Third Party Sites and Services
The Service may link to or integrate with other websites and services operated by third parties, including social media platforms, advertising services and other websites and applications. We do not control third party websites, applications or services and we are not responsible for their actions. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by email (if we have your email address) or another reasonable manner through the Service. They transmit information about your use of the site to its operator or to third parties that placed the cookie. Our sites and applications use both session and persistent cookies to enable you to sign in and use our sites and applications, store your preferences and settings within them; analyze how they perform, personalize your experience with them, provide interest-based advertising and for other lawful purposes. Intended to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-select your preferences every time you visit our sites. You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our sites by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here. See Admobs privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Disabling cookies. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com. Most mobile devices provide settings that will let you limit collection of your information for advertising. Copyright  2021 
51019002002376
ICP19035630-1