Privacy PolicyLast Revised: July 2nd, 2021A. IntroductionWe recognizes that your privacy is very important, and we take it seriously. By accessing or using our website and
application, you are consenting that you unconditionally accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the
terms found on this Privacy Policy, please do not use the our services. Children under the age of 13 must not use our Site,
Application, and/or Services for any purpose. If we discover that a user under 13 years of age has created an account, or that a user or visitor
under 13 years of age has posted personally identifiable information or other content to the Service, we
will terminate the account and remove the information or other content. Users between 13 and 18 (refer to "Teen" below) may not access or use the Service unless (i) both the Teen
and their parent or legal guardian have first agreed to these Terms of Service; and (ii) the Teen uses an
account established by their parent or legal guardian, under such parent or guardian's supervision, and with
such parent or guardian's permission. C. Data CollectionWe want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services. This collection helps us do things such as
maintain your language pferences across browsing sessions. We collect your payment information if you are a paying customer. We use this information to enable and fulfill your
transaction. The privacy policy of the third-party will
apply to the information you provide on its website. The purpose of processing and using your data is listed below:To help us provide and administer our Site, Application, and/or Services, authenticate users for security
purposes, provide personalized user features and access, process transactions, conduct research, develop new
features, and improve the features, algorithms, and usability of our Site, Application, and/or Services. To communicate with you about your use of our Site, Application, and/or Services, product announcements, and
software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance, including providing account
verification support if you're having difficulty accessing your account. Such countries or regions may have laws that are less prospective than the
country or regions in which you reside. These are deleted
automatically once you close your browser or application. Other cookies are "permanent cookies", meaning
that they survive after your browser or application is closed. We use cookies to improve our service quality and better understand how people interact with us. Track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with the Services. Monitor the performance of the Services and continually improve it. Customize and enhance your online experience. However, please note that if you choose to
refuse cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Services. For example, publicly accessible blogs and forums, or certain social media features
within (such as "plug-ins" (which create a direct link between two websites)) allow you to re-post
and disclose Shared Information. You can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of that information at any time by following the
instructions set out here. G. Information SecurityWe take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or
unauthorized alteration, disclosure or data destruction. You also have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it
with. We will evaluate such requests on a case by case basic. J. Changes to this policyWe change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We always indicate the date when the last changes were
published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send
the advertisements and links that appear on directly to you. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad
networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the
ability to opt-in or opt-out.