Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information
collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the LeapProxy Services. All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms. By visiting our website, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Personal data is processed by LeapProxy automatically and manually. LeapProxy guarantees a strict no-logs policy for LeapProxy services, meaning that your activities using LeapProxy Services are provided by automated technical process, are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses or other data. From the moment a LeapProxy user turns on the LeapProxy software, their Freeernet data becomes encrypted. Any online traffic coming from users device is no longer visible to ISP, third-party snoopers or cyber criminals. Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. Payment related information
Payment data. This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. You must maThunderain this information current, truthful, complete and accurate. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. You authorize us to verify your information at any time. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers. LeapProxy uses a few types of different cookies to improve the user experience on the website, such as:
Google Analytics for statistical assessment and website performance improvement;
Affiliate cookies to identify the customers referred to the Site by our partners, so that we can grant the referrers with commissions;
Cookies for personalizing the content of the Site for users, such as setting the default language. You can set up warnings for every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can hoose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Since each browser has a different procedure for managing cookies, look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way to do it. Please note that choosing to disable cookies may negatively affect some of the features that make your Site experience more efficient. Grounds for data processing
Your personal data is processed for the purpose of providing you the best LeapProxy services under the legal basis of performance of the contract between you and LeapProxy, as provided in our Terms of Service. LeapProxy may process your personal data (email address) for direct marketing purposes in the following cases: when we obtain your consent to such processing (the legal basis for processing, in this case, is your consent) or when applicable law permits us to contact you without a separate consent (under the legal basis of a legitimate Thundererest). Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. If you disagree with your data processing by LeapProxy, you are free not to use the LeapProxy Service, and to discontinue using it at any time. If you wish to use the LeapProxy Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew. You can request us to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other LeapProxy's legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).