Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. It is JAX VPN policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including via our app, JAX VPN, and its associated services. Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address, and date of birth), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use an app or online service. In the event our app contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our app. This policy is effective as of 23 June 2021. Last updated: 23 June 2021Information We CollectInformation we collect falls into one of two categories: voluntarily provided information and automatically collected information. Automatically collected information refers to any information automatically sent by your device in the course of accessing our app and its associated services. Log DataWhen you access our servers via our app, we may automatically log the standard data provided by your device. Additionally, when you encounter certain errors while using the app, we automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. For example, If you consent to us accessing your social media profiles, we may combine information sourced from those profiles with information received from you directly to provide you with an enhanced experience of our app and services. Security of Your Personal InformationWhen we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. For example, ensuring you do not make your personal information publicly available via our platform. How Long We Keep Your Personal InformationWe keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes. Childrens PrivacyWe do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it. Information from third parties: If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date. Non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Notification of data breaches: We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, continue to use your personal information according to this policy, which they will be required to assume as it is the basis for any ownership or use rights we have over such information. Changes to This PolicyAt our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information. Contact UsFor any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details: trads.dev@gmail.com