Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information
collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the Wala VPN Services. All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms. By visiting our website, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Wala VPN guarantees a strict no-logs policy for Wala VPN services, meaning that your activities using Wala VPN Services are provided by automated technical process, are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses or other data. Any online traffic coming from users device is no longer visible to ISP, third-party snoopers or cyber criminals. Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. It is necessary for establishing a Wala VPN account. Payment related information
Payment data. This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. We also process some of the same payment information ourselves in cases of recurring payments. You must maThunderain this information current, truthful, complete and accurate. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. You authorize us to verify your information at any time. In order to maThunderain the VPN service, the Wala VPN also processes limited technical information, which sometimes may be considered personal data. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers. You can set up warnings for every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can hoose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Please note that choosing to disable cookies may negatively affect some of the features that make your Site experience more efficient. Grounds for data processing
Your personal data is processed for the purpose of providing you the best Wala VPN services under the legal basis of performance of the contract between you and Wala VPN, as provided in our Terms of Service. Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. If you disagree with your data processing by Wala VPN, you are free not to use the Wala VPN Service, and to discontinue using it at any time. You may request us to discontinue processing of your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Wala VPN Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Wala VPNs legal relationship with you (e.g. accounting, invoicing, processing refunds). Due to technical reasons (such as backup copies of the databases) your personal data may be finally deleted only within 60 days or longer, if it is mandated by the statutory requirements. If you wish to use the Wala VPN Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew.