SHAREit Privacy Notice
Last Updated: [2022.09.12]
At SHAREit, we recognise that privacy is important. This Privacy Notice ("Notice") describes how Smart Media4U Technology Pte. Smart Media4U is the controller of your personal data. If you have any questions about this Notice or how we use your data, our details are provided in the "Contact Us" section below. We collect personal data from a variety of sources, including from you directly (e.g., when you contact us), information we generate about you in the course of our relationship with you, and information we collect about you from other sources. Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay the fulfilment of these obligations. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND THE BASIS ON WHICH WE USE IT
We use your personal data for the purposes described in the below table. In addition, we must have a legal basis to process your personal data, as specified under applicable laws. If we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the end of this Notice; and
as otherwise may be permitted under applicable laws. Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations to you and to provide you with the requested Service. Service operations
We process your personal data to provide the Services that you request, such as to connect you with other users; We use the information about the other apps you have installed to provide you with the Apps core functionality, which are peer-to-peer transmission service (with possible installation initiated by you thereafter) and file management. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent before sending such marketing materials; You can also reject it through our App. It is necessary for our legitimate interests to protect the security of our App and Services. Processing personal data may also be necessary to ensure compliance with our legal obligations. Customising your experience
We may use your personal data to improve your experience of the Services, such as by providing interactive or personalised elements on the Services and providing you with content based on your interests. It is necessary for our legitimate interests to provide you with information and personalised features that we believe would be of interest to you. With members of our group of companies, including our affiliate companies as well as joint venture partners, for the purposes of processing, analysing, or storing your information or otherwise as needed to provide the Services to you or for the purposes set out in this Notice. In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose or share your personal data with law enforcement agencies, courts, other government authorities (whether in your jurisdiction or abroad) or other third parties where we or any of our affiliates believe it is necessary for us to do so to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party. INTERNATIONAL DATA PROCESSING & TRANSFER
The information we collect from you is stored on a server located in Singapore or the United States. If you are a user of the Services located in the EU or UK, your personal data may be transferred to a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal data under European Union law / by the European Commission or under UK law / by the UK Government. We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to provide adequate protection for your personal data. DATA SECURITY AND RETENTION
We implement technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal data we process. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing. Please note that if you follow a link to any of these third party websites or services, they will have their own terms of use and privacy policies, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you. If you are in the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/). CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent as defined under applicable laws) or knowingly allow such person to register on our Services. We may modify or update this Notice from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Notice, the following terms shall prevail. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married or under guardianship, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent or legal guardian to use the Services.