Privacy Policy
Last updated June 11, 2019
Innovative is committed to protecting your privacy. LIMITED and its affiliates ("Innovative," "we," "our" or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our websites (including surfreevpn.net), services, and applications (collectively, the "Services"). If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. Innovative uses your email address (if any depending on your choice) for the following reasons:
To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications. That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through the VPN network. More specifically, Innovative has NO documents/information below under the situations of the limited connecting with your personal information and the non-collection of the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device:
We do not know which user ever accessed a particular website or service. We do not know the set of original IP addresses of a user's computer or the temporarily assigned network addresses. For the purpose to fulfill our contractual obligations in good faith and to make you enjoy excellent VPN services, we collect the following information related to your VPN usage:
Information related to Apps and Apps versions
We collect information related to which Apps and Apps version(s) you have activated. Anonymous Data for Network Diagnostics, Study and Analysis
When you become one of our users for the VPN services, with your permission, we collect minimal usage statistics and anonymized analytics data used for network diagnostics in our network operations tools, for the purpose to optimize network speeds and to let us identify problems related to specific apps, VPN servers, or ISPs. We ensure the information we receive is fully anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual users (i.e., we do not store which user sent which data, and we do not store IP addresses). Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service. We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information. Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. We work with third-party advertising partners to show ads to the customers who choose free VPN services. More specifically, we think the subpoena, court order or search warrant may lose its coercive effect when it crosses its boundary. SECURITY MEASURES
Innovative is committed to protecting your information. We use best-in-class physical, procedural, and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of information. Access to user information is restricted to staff who require such access to perform their job functions. Servers are housed in data centers with strong security practices. If any data center were to ask us to log such data, we would immediately cease operations with said data center and find alternative options. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at virtualnetworkingtech@gmail.com. ACCESS
When you become one of our users for the VPN services, you may access certain information associated with you by emailing virtualnetworkingtech@gmail.com. Managing user subscriptions and processing payments. You can withdraw your consent at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Innovative is a global business. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.