We will update continuously if there are changes in permission we use. ECO MOBILE VN has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications. By using Application, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Websites, products that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features made available via an Application. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application. Personal Information includes your geographic area information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application which identifies you or another person.b. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about Users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.1 Session and Usage Data. Session and Usage Data is information about your use of an Application and includes, without limitation, connection data submitted to us through your use of an Application. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of app, and date, time and area. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.)2 Log Data. When you interact with us or use an Application, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use (Log Data).3 Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information is data we collect about a group or category of Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Application may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications4 Other Information. You may provide us with various information in connection with Your interaction with our Applications. Such as report a phone number as spam or some other attribute to be included in spam blocking directories through tagging functionality, provide a certain number for incoming or outgoing calls search against the ECO MOLIBE VN database and provide Your unique identifier to optimize the database. We will collect the information You provide in connection there with, as well as any other information You provide when You communicate or interact with us. B. PERMISSION WE USE (ASK FOR PERMISSION FROM USERS)Flashlight use the below permission:Permission android.permission. CAMERA and Permission android.hardware.camera we use this to serve the magnifying glass featureThe application does not use cameras to record videos or take any of what the users data We do not collect your data!J. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONSIf you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us flashlight@ecomobile.vnK. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change this private policy, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the ECO MOBILE VN Applications or any ECO MOBILE VN products following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Report abuse