SolutionsBy needComprehensive SASE platformConnect users to enterprise resources with identity-based security controls. Protect & accelerate applicationsCombine security with performance to ensure you are protected without compromising user experiences. Secure hybrid workSecure any user accessing any application, on any device, in any location. Build & deploy cloud applicationsBuild powerful applications on our global network with our Developer Platform. For websites and applicationsApplication security & performanceProtect & accelerate mobile / web apps, APIs & websites with WAF, DDoS, CDN, DNS & more. This Policy only applies to Cloudflares collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in connection with the use of the Cloudflare Application(s). We do not collect your name, phone number, or credit card information (or records of any payments collected by the applicable App Store). We only receive your email address (and name, if you voluntarily provide it) if you have decided to give us feedback and/or report bugs. We will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. We will not share or otherwise disclose your personal information except as necessary to provide our services or as otherwise described in this Application Privacy Policy without first providing you with notice and the opportunity to consent.2.1 Account DataWhen you install the Application on your device, create or update your account, sign up for a Paid Application Service, or participate in one of our referral programs, we collect and store the Account Data described below, depending on your use of the Application. Performance Data does not include personal information. This data does not include unique device identifiers. Crash LogsWe use crash log information regarding your devices use of the Application for troubleshooting and to improve our Application. When you provide feedback, you can choose whether to share your console logs. Your email address will be deleted 6 months from the date of collection.2.3 DNS Resolver InformationWe collect limited DNS query data that is sent to the 1.1.1.1 Public DNS resolver when you have the Application enabled on your device. All information provided by you or resulting from your use of the Application as part of Cloudflare Zero Trust services to which you or your organization subscribe is collected, used, maintained, shared, and destroyed in accordance with the Cloudflare Privacy Policy, available here, and this Application Privacy Policy will no longer apply. We use the information we collect, as described in Section 2 to operate and improve the Application, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Information associated with feedback and bug reports may be retained longer as needed.6. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 Public DNS Resolver here. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the services you have requested), or (b) the processing is in our legitimate interests. We will obtain your consent where required by law. We primarily store your information in the United States, the European Economic Area (the EEA), and the United Kingdom. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy. For users in South Korea, please see our Addendum Applicable to Users in South Korea to this Application Privacy Policy.9. You acknowledge that to facilitate your use of the Application, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Application Privacy Policy, and we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information. We describe our additional safeguards here. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Please keep in mind that except for when you provide feedback, we dont receive personally identifiable information from you, and we are unable to associate your identity with your Account Data or Operational Data. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.15. Contact InformationCloudflare, Inc.101 Townsend St.San Francisco, CA 94107Attention: Data Protection Officerprivacyquestions@cloudflare.comCloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3Attention: Data Protection Officerprivacyquestions@cloudflare.comCloudflare, Ltd.County Hall/The Riverside BuildingBelvedere RoadLondon, SE1 7PBAttention: Data Protection Officerprivacyquestions@cloudflare.comCloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.