Privacy Notice
Immedia Semiconductor, LLC ("Blink") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. By using Blink websites, devices, products, services, or applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Blink Services. For What Purposes does Blink Process Your Personal Information? We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the products and services of Blink and its affiliates. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services,
process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products, services, and promotional offers. This information is collected by our third party payment processor. In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect and process your personal information. You may unsubscribe by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the emails you receive. We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security
of our customers, Blink, and others. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any
time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose. Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers personal information to
others. Third Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer
information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless,
of course, the customer consents otherwise). Transfers out of the European Economic Area. Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area, we
will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data. Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. Be sure to sign
out of your Blink account when you finish using a shared computer. You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, and order history in the "Account" section of the website. You can access and delete video clips from your Blink app. If you have any question or objection as to how we collect and process your personal information, please contact
Blink Customer Support. The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser
notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about cookies, see our
Cookie Notice. Are Children Allowed to Use Blink Services? Blink doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We may e-mail periodic reminders
of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your
next purchase or communication more easily; and
information about your interactions with products and services offered our affiliated companies.