Last updated: 1 December 2022
Privacy Policy
We value your ("User," "You," or "Your") privacy and recognize the sensitivity of your personal information. We
are committed to protecting your personal information and using it only as appropriate to provide you with the
best possible service, products, and opportunities, as described in this Privacy Policy. Next Vision strictly complies with the applicable data protection laws and regulations. Next Vision is the data controller for any relevant local legislation. Please
read the third partys privacy policy to determine the privacy practices that apply to information or data
maintained by the website or application. I. What Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We may collect and hold personal information related to you that is necessary for the purpose of conducting our
business, including (without limitation) to deliver products, services or information, improve our services to
offer better experience, and to fulfill our regulatory obligations. You can also use your social media login (such as sign in with Apple) to register with us. Note, however,
that we do not collect information from your social media account. Financial Data:
We utilize Apple and Google to process all financial transactions and Next Vision is not provided with any personal
data related to your transaction. Device and Internet Usage:
If you download the Application, we may collect information from your device, including identifiers to help us
identify your devices hardware and operating system. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information, measure and
analyze which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience using the application,
improve our services. Cookies may include information such as your login or registration identification, user
preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. Google Analytics data practices are governed by the Google Privacy Policy, as it may be
amended from time to time. By using the Application, you consent to our use of Cookies. These third parties may use this information to
display advertisements on our application and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences, and
characteristics. Some devices may offer a Do Not Track feature, however our Application does not respond to Do Not Track signals. To respond to law enforcement organization, or other government officials where we have a legal
obligation, including complying with legal demands and complying with production and court orders. Information That Is Not Covered by This Privacy Policy
We may allow you to communicate with other users of the Application and post information using message boards and
other similar features available through the Application. NONE of the information that you provide using these features
is protected by this Privacy Policy. Data Retention
We retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary and relevant for our business. Where we are relying on your consent to handle your personal
information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this use at any time. We do not sell personal
information to third parties for their own business/commercial uses. In exceptional cases, we may extend this
period by two months and we will tell you why. We may request proof of identification to verify your request. For more details in relation to your rights, including how to exercise them, please contact us using the contact
details below. Therefore, personal information collected from you, including
via the Application, will be transferred to the United States. Such transfer may not provide a similar level of
protection to that provided by countries in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, we have a legitimate
interest in utilizing service providers in the United States to provide you with the services. We may change
the content or services found on the Application at any time, and consequently our Privacy Policy may change at
any time in the future and will be updated from time to time. Our contact information:
Next Vision Limited
Address: RM D 10/F Tower A Billion CTR 1 Wang Kwong RD Kowloon Bay KL Hong Kong
Contact email: support@coinidentifierai.com