Skip to content
Global
Australia
Canada
Finland
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy for IPVanish Site & Services
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 20, 2022
Dutch, French, German, Portuguese, Spanish
We believe everyone has the right to digital privacy. We wrote this privacy policy with you in mind, attempting our best to provide a comprehensive yet easy to understand document. We collect aggregated and anonymous performance data to improve functionality and product performance, diagnose crashes, identify bugs, and optimize server performance. Our goal is to collect and retain the least amount of data. However we have to collect and retain some data, such as email address and billing information, which allows for you to continue using the VPN service. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the information that is collected you may reach out to our support team or make a privacy request via https://dsar.ipvanish.com. Terms used in this Policy are explained in Section I below. Our Sites: This data is collected when you visit any of our Sites, our partner and affiliate sites, or interact with our advertisements. To create your account, collect payment for our Services, verify your identity when you log into the Site, and administer accounts. To better understand how our Site is found, how visitors engage with our Site, provide visitors with relevant content or advertisements, identify issues with our Site, plan improvements to our Site or to create new Sites. C. Categories of Personal Data
You are not required to provide any personal data to browse our Site. We may Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
The Site: We process aggregated anonymous personal data from Site visitors using cookies, pixels, and similar technologies, such as Google Analytics. This will result in us creating a purchase history for the purpose of maintaining an active subscription to the Service. We do NOT have access to the connection logs unless provided by you, the user, to our support team through a diagnostic file. You may also receive promotional emails about privacy & security industry news, service updates, product updates, feature releases, and other information we think may interest you. Transactional emails include the following:
Account activation  After a successful completion of purchase you will receive an email address verification email which is necessary to activate your VPN Service subscription. Password reset  This email provides a unique password-reset link and instructs how to complete your password reset. Customer Support  If, for any reason, you reach out to customer support, we may use emails to communicate with you, follow up from a call-in support inquiry and send chat transcripts. These service providers receive only the information needed to perform their designated functions, and are not permitted to use the information for their own marketing, advertising or research purposes. Since we do not collect, monitor or log your browsing activity, we do not have logs of your browsing activity to provide in response to third party requests. Cookie means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). Controller means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data are Processed. Sensitive Personal Data includes data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law. Standard Contractual Clauses means template transfer clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission. L. Data Accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate, up-to-date, and erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies. M. Your Legal Rights
Under and subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. Where we use third parties which process your personal data internationally, we have implemented similar appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this privacy policy. IPVanish is a registered trademark of IPVanish. "WireGuard" is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld.