Privacy policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it sets out important information relating to how we handle your personal information. The GC Auto Clickerapp isan Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at GC Auto Clickerunless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Childrens Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at drinkinggamesforparty@gmail.com