Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationStorm Cleaner & File Manager Privacy PolicyYour privacy and data security are extremely important to us. Device informationWe collect your device and network connection information in order to provide you better experience when you use our app. In this way, we can retain your behavior while you are using the app. The above information is only used to improve the product experience and will not be sold to any third parties. Please keep in mind that the advertising identifier contains no user-sensitive information that may be used to identify you or your device. To improve and optimize the ServicesTo provide better Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:l Update and develop the Servicesl Develop and improve your experiencel Manage the relationship with youl Customize your service experiencel Respond to your comments and questions and provide support to youl Provide offers in the Services as well as in other websites and servicesl Send related information (e.g. updates, security alerts, and support messages) to youii. In order to keep the Service safe, to fight fraud and to ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data tol Analyze and monitor use of the Servicesl Prevent cheating, crime or fraudl Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving usersDespite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data, nor can we ensure the security of any of the communication facilities provided by us. Such partners use of the information that we disclose to them will be governed by their privacy policies.4. In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our app.6. We also ensure that any third parties with whom we work maintain all personal data processed on our behalf secure.7. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways:l Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;l When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;l To protect our rights and properties; and Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.i. Right of access and rectificationIf you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we will provide you with a copy without undue delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.v. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.viii. Right to lodge a complaintIf you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at goodskingood@gmail.com so that we can work to resolve your concerns. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. This notice is designed to supplement the information described in our <Privacy Policy> and applies solely to users who reside in the State of California (consumers or you).IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. These information include: the categories of personal information we collected; the categories of sources for personal information we collected; our business purpose for collecting that personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.ii. You (or your agent) have the right to request that we delete your specific personal information that we collected from you and retained, except in the following cases. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. We cannot respond to your request accurately if we cannot verify your identity.iv. Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Such discrimination include: denying you our services; charging you different prices or rates for our services; providing you a different level or quality of our services; suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for services or a different level or quality of services.vi. Data collection instructions for minorsThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.12. We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes.13. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse