Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationCleanSpacePrivacy PolicyYour privacy and data security are extremely important to us. Device informationWe collect your device and network connection information in order to provide you better experience when you use our app. In this way, we can retain your behavior while you are using the app. The above information is only used to improve the product experience and will not be sold to any third parties. Android Ad IDWe use your Android advertising identifier to present you with a personalized advertising experience. It is just used for advertising and analytics. To improve and optimize the ServicesTo provide better Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:l Update and develop the Servicesl Develop and improve your experiencel Manage the relationship with youl Customize your service experiencel Respond to your comments and questions and provide support to youl Provide offers in the Services as well as in other websites and servicesl Send related information (e.g. updates, security alerts, and support messages) to youii. In order to keep the Service safe, to fight fraud and to ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data tol Analyze and monitor use of the Servicesl Prevent cheating, crime or fraudl Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving usersDespite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal data, nor can we ensure the security of any of the communication facilities provided by us. Please contact us at sowlvex@outlook.com if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways:l Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;l When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;l To protect our rights and properties; and Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.i. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your withdrawal.ii. Right of access and rectificationIf you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we will provide you with a copy without undue delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. Right to data portabilityIf we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another controller, where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others.vii. Notification to third-partiesIf we share your personal information with third parties, we will notify them of any requests for rectification, erasure or restriction of your personal information, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.viii. Third-Party Partners Privacy PolicyHere we list the links to the third-party partners privacy policy. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. This notice is designed to supplement the information described in our <Privacy Policy> and applies solely to users who reside in the State of California (consumers or you).IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. These information include: the categories of personal information we collected; the categories of sources for personal information we collected; our business purpose for collecting that personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.ii. You (or your agent) have the right to request that we delete your specific personal information that we collected from you and retained, except in the following cases. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. We cannot respond to your request accurately if we cannot verify your identity.iv. Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Data collection instructions for minorsThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes.12. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.13. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse