Privacy policy
(A) Who we are: We are Gamma Play Limited, a publishing company delivering apps for mobile devices. Gamma Play Limited is the controller of your personal information, and is responsible for your personal information. All references in this policy to "apps" are to our apps that are available to download on mobile devices from time to time. Collection of your personal information and how we use it:
2. Two of the fundamental rights to be aware of are that:
1. you may ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. (F) What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information. (b) If you contact our customer support function, we will collect your e-mail address (as well as any other information you include in your correspondence with us), including any updates to any of that information. 1.2 How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(a) to help us manage advertising and provide you with advertising and marketing via our apps that is relevant to you, both from us and from our third party partners, as further described in the 'Third party advertising' section below;
(b) to record your preferences in relation to advertising and marketing communications; and
(c) to receive and respond to customer support enquiries we receive from you. We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests to do so;
(iii) to comply with any procedures, laws and regulations which apply to us  this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others to comply, as well as where we are legally required to do so; and
(iv) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights  this may include where we reasonably consider it is in our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, as well as where we are legally required to do so. You can control and withdraw your consent at any time on our apps. A list of the third party advertising and technology companies that we use is set out below. The relevant data collected by these third parties includes:
(a) data about your device, location and use of our apps, including IP address, a unique device ID, geo-location details and your User ID that we have assigned to you;
(b) data which you provide to us when using our apps, including information on your interaction with advertising and certain technical information. If you do not provide or withdraw your consent to receive targeted advertising that is relevant to you and your preferences, then we will still serve you advertising when you visit or use our apps but this will no longer be tailored to you or your preferences. For example, we may use the Facebook Custom Audiences service and share your IDFA with Facebook so that we can: serve relevant advertising to you or include you in a custom audience that we will serve relevant advertising to you on Facebook; or create an audience of other Facebook users based on the information in your Facebook profile. None of these anonymised, aggregated reports or statistics will enable our users to be personally identified. How long we store your personal information
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is processed. Your rights
5.1 You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at gammaplay.com@gmail.com at any time. You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us using the details in section 10. We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You can ask us who the recipients are, using the contact details in section 10. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. Children
6.1 You must be aged 16 or over to purchase products or services from us. 6.3 Please contact us at gammaplay.com@gmail.com if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child below the age of 16. Where we may transfer your personal information
7.1. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure
8.1 The main risk of our processing of your personal information is if it is lost, stolen or misused. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access to it. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.