To do so, we may have to collect your personal data to provide you with the best weapons and the most up-to-date security. Privacy Policy Contents
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle and protect your personal data and the choices available to you. Additional information on our personal data practices may be provided in product settings, contractual terms, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. In most circumstances, you purchase our products and services from a trusted third-party service provider, reseller, or app store. In those circumstances, your Billing Data is processed by the relevant third party and we only receive a subset of this data to keep proper business records. To register with us or to be able to log in later on our pages or in our products, we offer you, in addition to our own procedure, the option to do this via the services Facebook Connect, Google, and Apple ID. The customer account remains valid until you actively delete it in the user administration section of the account. On the basis of your consent, in order to:
To subscribe you to a newsletter or the Avast forum; To enable the provision of third-party ads in product messages; To enable the provision of personalized ads in support of certain free products; and To allow us to record our phone conversation when you contact our tech support by phone. In order to fulfill legal obligations, we process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, sanction checks or other obligations to which we are subject. In any case, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to our particular situation, to those processing operations. For more details please see section Your Privacy Rights. This covers the ability of our networks or of our information systems to resist events, attacks or unlawful or malicious actions that could compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of the data we store or transmit, or the security of the related services offered by, or accessible via those networks and systems. Because of this, we have a legitimate interest to optimize the content and delivery of this type of communication to you so that you are likely to find them relevant and non-intrusive at the same time. These analytics help us improve functionality, effectiveness, security and reliability of our products and business activities as well as helping us to develop new products. Please refer to our Products Policy for the list of third-party tools used for the specific products and services. How We Process Your Personal Data
We do our best to disconnect or remove all direct identifiers from the Personal Data that we use:
For free versions, this disconnection or removal of identifiers begins when the products and services are initially activated. For free and paid products including antivirus, your IP address is also processed for the purpose of downloading certain products, product authorization, fraud and malware detection. These third parties are properly regulated and authorized to handle your payment information and are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purposes other than arranging these services for us. Situations where we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA include: allowing access to Personal Data stored in the Google Cloud Platform to Google personnel located outside the EEA, the provisioning of our products and services and third-party services related to it, the processing of transactions and of your payment details, and the delivery of support services. We use rolling deletion periods which means we regularly delete collected data in the given periods starting from the collection of that respective data. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Right to withdraw consent - In the case of processing based on your consent, as specified in our Consent Policy, you can withdraw your consent at any time, by using the same method (if technically possible) you used to provide it to us (the exact method will be described in more detail with each consent when you provide it). Consistent with our privacy by design, privacy by default and data minimization practices, we may not be able to identify you in connection with Product Data relating to specific free products and services. However, you can go directly to your product settings and explore the available privacy options. Non-EU Jurisdictions
Residents of the Russian Federation
We collect and process Personal Data relating to those within the territory of the Russian Federation in strict compliance with the applicable laws of the Russian Federation. We collect and use your Personal Data only in the context of the purposes indicated in the consent to processing of Personal Data. We therefore have no knowledge of any sale of data concerning them. Contact Us
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any other questions or complaints about our use of your Personal Data and its privacy, write our Privacy Team through the most convenient channel below:
You can submit your privacy requests through our online form: https://support.avast.com/en-us/contact/dsr. We are registered as Avast Software s.r.o. and our registered address is Pikrtova 1737/1a, 140 00 Prague 4, Nusle, Postal Code 140 00, Czech Republic.