Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 13th, 2020
Welcome
Security and privacy are at the heart of what we do. What
information do we collect about you? We collect
information from and about the device you use to access our services. We may collect information about the nature of the
requests that you make to our servers (such as what is being requested,
information about the device and app used to make the request, timestamps, and
referring URLs). To
communicate with users and prospective users. We want to offer you the best services and user
experiences we can, so we have a legitimate interest in continually improving
and optimizing our services. To do so, we use your information to understand
how users interact with our services. Our VPN products do not use your VPN
browsing activity for these purposes and we do not maintain any records that
show what you were browsing or accessing through a VPN connection. We may do this to comply with our legal obligations, to protect
an individuals vital interests, or because we have a legitimate interest in
preventing harm or liability to us and our users. If you choose to do so, we will share
information with the third party account provider. To protect your data, we enter into appropriate
confidentiality and data processing terms with these third parties, review
their security practices, and limit information sharing to the scope of what
they are helping us with. Subject to the foregoing, we may share your information if we are required to
do so by applicable law; to comply with our legal obligations; to comply with
legal process; and to respond to valid law enforcement requests relating to a
criminal investigation, or alleged or suspected illegal activity that may
expose us, you, or any of our other users to legal liability. For
example, some of these advertising networks may collect information through
their SDKs, such as your mobile advertising identifier, IP address, and device
information, for the purpose of serving you with personalized ads (ads that
they think are more relevant to you) and measuring your response to those ads. If you opt out from personalized advertising, you
may still see non-personalized ads. Cookies are used to inform us how users interact with
our services so we can, as a legitimate interest, improve how they work (such
as what screens or webpages you access, and whether our advertising is
effective). We advertise our services online with
the help of third parties who show ads and marketing about us on sites around
the internet. These partners use these technologies
for the following purposes:
 To provide
our services. International Data Transfers
We may transfer your personal data to countries other
than the one in which you reside. For
example, personal data collected within Switzerland, United Kingdom or the
European Economic Area (EEA) may be transferred and processed outside
Switzerland, United Kingdom or the EEA for purposes described in this policy. Data
Retention
We generally retain your personal data for as long as is
needed to provide the services to you, or for as long as you have an account
with us. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon
your location, and some information may be exempt from certain requests under
applicable law. Otherwise, if you wish to exercise any of these rights,
you may contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below. Your
California Privacy Rights
This Section applies solely to California residents. Third Party Disclosure Requests
California law permits users who are California residents
to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third
parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) as
defined under California Civil Code 1798.83 for their direct marketing purposes
in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information
disclosed to those parties. 9.3 Opt-Out From
Sale
You may have the
right to opt out of the sale of your personal information as defined by the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We do not sell
(as defined by the CCPA) your personal information except in the context of
certain versions of our products that are supported by personalized
advertising. You are also
permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your
behalf. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity
before processing the authorized agents request. We do not knowingly collect
personal data from minors or allow them to use our services. If you do
not cancel your account before the date the update becomes effective, your
continued use of our services will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.