Skip to content
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Our full Privacy Policy is below, in glorious legalese. You or the third party may contact us at [emailprotected] to request deletion of the other partys information. In addition to information about your device, we collect information about how you interact with the Service, such as the page that referred you, your search terms, pages or areas of the Service you use or share, the time and duration of visits, features you used and links you clicked on. See our Cookie Notice for more information about how the Service and third party analytics providers and advertisers use cookies and similar technologies to collect your information when you use the Service. If you use the telephony or text messaging services available in some of our mobile applications, we may collect information related to your use of these services, such as the phone numbers you call and message and from which you receive calls and messages, the content of text messages, number of minutes used, number of text messages sent, and amount of data plan consumed. We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback. For security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety
We may use your personal information as we believe appropriate to investigate or prevent violation of the law or our Terms of Service; to secure the Service; to protect our, your or others rights, privacy, safety or property; and to protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity. Service providers
We may employ third party companies or individuals to provide services that support the Service (such as customer support, hosting, payment processing, website and mobile app analytics and email delivery). Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request, such as where we need to retain your information for security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety, to comply with law or for legal claims. Once we process your request you will not be able to access your account or use the Service. Children
The Service is not directed to anyone under the age of 16. Continued use of the Service after an update to this Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the update. Intended to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-select your preferences every time you visit our sites. Advertising
Used by advertising companies to collect information about how you use our sites and mobile applications and other sites and applications over time. Any changes to the Terms will be effective immediately for new users of the Website or Service and for any other users who expressly agree to them. Subject to the Terms, Maple Labs grants you a limited license to reproduce portions of the Maple Labs Properties for the sole purpose of using the Maple Labs Properties for your personal, non-commercial purposes. Maple Labs and its licensors reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. Furthermore, with respect to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (an App Store Sourced Application), you will only use the App Store Sourced Application (i) on an Apple-branded product that runs the iOS (Apples proprietary operating system) and (ii) as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service. Any updates to the Maple Labs Properties are subject to these Terms. Your Payment Provider agreement governs your use of the designated credit card or other payment method, and you must refer to that agreement and not the Terms to determine your rights and liabilities. If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term; your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires. Upon renewal of your subscription, if Maple Labs does not receive payment from your Payment Provider, (i) you agree to pay all amounts due on your Account upon demand, and/or (ii) you agree that Maple Labs may either terminate or suspend your subscription and continue to attempt to charge your Payment Provider until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your Account will be re-activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, your new subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received). Pre-Purchased Packages are not legal tender and cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value, redeemed for cash or applied to any other account, except to the extent described herein or as required by applicable law. The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights
10.2 Release
You hereby release Maple Labs and its successors from claims, demands, any and all losses, damages, rights, and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death, and property damage of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of the Terms or your use of the Website, the Application, the Software or the Service. The ADR Provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (1) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (2) all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English; (3) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties; and (4) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator also shall be authorized to grant any temporary, preliminary or permanent equitable remedy or relief it deems just and equitable and within the scope of the Terms, including, without limitation, an injunction or order for specific performance. If for any reason, a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute shall be exclusively brought in state or federal court in San Francisco County, California. Maple Labs, not the App Store, is solely responsible for the Maple Labs Properties, including the Application, the contents thereof, maintenance, support services, and warranty therefor, and addressing any claims relating thereto (e.g., product liability, legal compliance or intellectual property infringement). You agree to comply with, and your license to use the Application is conditioned upon your compliance with, all applicable third- party terms of agreement (e.g., the App Stores terms and policies) when using the Maple Labs Properties, including the Application. You also will not use the Maple Labs Properties for any purpose prohibited by U.S. law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.