Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information
collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the Cyber Proxy Services. All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms. By visiting our website, by submitting your personal data to us, and by accessing, installing and/or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Personal data is processed by Cyber Proxy automatically and manually. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses or other data. Any online traffic coming from users device is no longer visible to ISP, third-party snoopers or cyber criminals. If you want to engage full functionality of the Cyber Proxy Services, you need to create a user account and provide basic personal data indicated below. Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. Payment related information
Payment data. This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. We also process some of the same payment information ourselves in cases of recurring payments. You must maThunderain this information current, truthful, complete and accurate. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. You authorize us to verify your information at any time. In order to maThunderain the VPN service, the Cyber Proxy also processes limited technical information, which sometimes may be considered personal data. This information is used for improving the functionality and usability of our website and Cyber Proxy Services. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers. You can set up warnings for every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can hoose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Since each browser has a different procedure for managing cookies, look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way to do it. Grounds for data processing
Your personal data is processed for the purpose of providing you the best Cyber Proxy services under the legal basis of performance of the contract between you and Cyber Proxy, as provided in our Terms of Service. Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. If you disagree with your data processing by Cyber Proxy, you are free not to use the Cyber Proxy Service, and to discontinue using it at any time. If you wish to use the Cyber Proxy Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew. You can request us to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Cyber Proxy's legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).