skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy  Authenticator
Effective Date: Jan 1, 2022
Last Updated: Jan 1, 2022
In this Privacy Policy, we inform you about which personal data we collect in the context of your use of Authenticator app for which purposes your data is used. These data will be stored separately from other data that you may transmit to us:
 date and time of the access,
 browser type/version,
 operating system used,
 URL of the previously visited website,
 IP address (truncated by one octet)
This data is stored exclusively for technical reasons and will never be assigned to any specific person. 3.2.Support Requests
If you contact our support, we will collect and store the personal data transmitted by you for the purpose of processing your request. You are not obligated to provide personal data in your request, and you may contact us with a pseudonym at any time. Please note that the scope of features of our website may be restricted due to this. We specifically use the following cookies:
 cookies from Firebase;
 a cookie from Google Ads to measure success of Google Ads;
 two cookies from Google Analytics for statistical evaluation of the use of the website and for improvement of our offer;
 a cookie to record whether you have already confirmed the cookie notice with OK;
 a cookie to determine whether the non-standard Authenticator  that are used on the website have been loaded. These cookies cannot identify you as a person. Transfer of data
In principle, your personal data will only be passed on without your explicit prior consent in the following cases:
6.1.If necessary, to investigate illegal use of our services, or for prosecution, personal data will be passed on to the law-enforcement authorities and potentially to harmed third parties. However, this will only be the case if there are any specific indications of illegal or abusive behavior. These are law-enforcement authorities, public authorities that pursue administrative offences subject to fines and the tax authorities. These data are passed on based on our legitimate interest in fighting abuse, prosecuting criminal offences and the securing, assertion and enforcement of claims and that your rights and interests in protection of your personal data are not overriding, Article 6(1) point (f) GDPR or based on a legal obligation in accordance with Article 6(1) point (c) GDPR. In detail, we use the following Data Processors:
 OLYMPIC s.r.o. ( 6.3.We also process your data in states outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). For the USA, the European Commission resolved by its decision dated 12 July 2016 that there is an adequate level of data protection under the provisions of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (adequacy decision, Article 45 GDPR). support requests via SupportBox)
 Google LLC
6.4.Within the scope of further development of our business, the structure of doo GmbH may be changed by amending the legal form or by founding, purchasing, or selling subsidiaries, company parts or components. After the end of these periods, the data will be deleted, except if the data is needed for a longer period due to statutory archiving periods, for criminal prosecution or to secure, assert or enforce legal claims. In such a case, the data will be blocked and is no longer available for further use. COPPA
The Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) is a United States federal law enacted to give parents increased control over what information is collected from their children online and how such information is used. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personal information of any kind whatsoever to Authenticator  app If a child provides us with personal information, a parent or legal guardian of that child may contact us to obtain that information and/or delete it from our records by sending an email to help@team2swift.com
10. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy (and other applicable policies and Addenda) on a periodic basis. VPN services policy: our VPN module is a part of Authenticator app. We do NOT monitor, store, or log your online activities, including your browsing history, connection times, metadata, downloads, server usage, or data content during your session in the VPN Products. We do NOT request your full name for providing our VPN Products. You are only required to provide your email address when you register an account in our VPN Products with Registration. It includes GuestID that is used to identify the unique user by assigning him our internal unique ID. It may include device name/device ID, operating system and its version, browser type, the language of the device, time zone, app usage, including app version, activation date, and update installation date. The time zone is used for data analytics and marketing purposes. It includes IP address and geographic location. These are used to determine the location of your device and provide the fastest VPN server nearby. Please note!We NEVER store or log your IP address after the end of your session in the VPN Products.