Privacy Policy
Last updated June 11, 2019
Innovative is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how INNOVATIVE CONNECTING PTE. This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply to information you may process when using our Services. Innovative are not available for the information related to the personal information of users, including but not limited to names (subscriber names, user names and screen names), addresses (including mailing addresses, residential address, business addresses) and telephones, unless the data you provide depending on the context of your interactions with us and the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use for the purpose of administering your subscription and for the purpose to enjoy our VPN services. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. To send marketing information, such as Innovative offers, surveys, invitations, and content about other matters in connection with Innovative ("Marketing emails"). SERVICE INFORMATION RELATED TO YOUR VPN USAGE
Subject to applicable laws and for the avoidance to infringe any internet service provider, any browsing information, traffic destination, data content, IP addresses, DNS queries or other similar information relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers is encrypted and cleared after the VPN "session" is closed. That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through the VPN network. We do not know the set of original IP addresses of a user's computer or the temporarily assigned network addresses. It makes our Support Team efficiently find out and eliminate technical issues for you. Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. These are handled in an anonymized form by third parties, dependent on the platform you are using. On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service. We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information. We collect minimal usage statistics and anonymized analytics data used for network diagnostics in our network operations tools. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. ADVERTISING
We do not server any ads for the VIP subscription of our services. Although you opt in to use the free, advertising-supported VPN services, we won't share the advertisers any your personal information or any usage information without your prior consent. The disclosure of personal data may follow this Privacy Policy. DATA RETENTION
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements). We use best-in-class physical, procedural, and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of information. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at matevpn2020@gmail.com. Please be advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and
Where the request is frivolous or burdensome. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. f. Right to data portability
If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another controller, where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. i. Right to lodge a complaint
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at matevpn2020@gmail.com so that we can work to resolve your concerns. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Innovative is a global business.