Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationFresh CleanerPrivacy PolicyEffective: 2023/03/03We ("us", "app", "the Application", or "this Application") recognize that privacy is significant. We create this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Application. A. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe don't collect any user information. To protect users' privacy well, and to follow privacy policies in all countries and territories well including European data protection laws (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteo de Dados (LGPD), and so on, we don't make the network requests by ourselves to our servers, and we don't collect and analyze data by ourselves. We only use the trusted big platforms Google Play, Google Firebase, AppMetrica - Yandex, and Facebook SDKs to get and analyze data. We may use the information to understand demographics of our users, and improve user experience;2. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. Check the following links to get details about how user data is collected, used and shared. You can access or request deletion of your personal information2. You can correct or update your personal information3. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. California Users RightsIf you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in relation to the personal information. Brazilian Users RightsIf you are a Brazilian resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by Lei Geral de Proteo de Dados (LGPD) in relation to the personal information. And then, we will notify Google to process your requests, such as not to collect your personal data again, to delete your personal data, and so on. And Google will process this according to their policy. You can also refer to the links provided in section C for requesting to process your requests directly by Google. And we totally believe Google will protect your data well. You can always check the latest version of our Privacy Policy on the Application. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you can stop to use this Application or go to Privacy Policy page to opt out of the data collection or usage. Your continued use of any Application following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies. H. SUBSCRIPTION POLICYYou do not need to pay any access fee to us to use the Services unless you want to pay the Premium Fee for permission to use the premium subscription In-App features, where you will be given access to In-App points and/or In-App currency and/or In-App items etc. ( Also you may cancel your monthly subscription at any time subject to the terms of cancelation Google Play policy. If your subscription is purchased through one of our Services, you will be charged for such subscription. Your subscription will be automatically renewed on a monthly. The act of downloading, viewing, or using such payment channels and instruments constitutes acceptance of their terms of service and privacy policy. You shall not be entitled to any concession in respect of this payment term. If any payment is disputed or charged back or any fraudulent activity is detected, the associated Account(s) or access through the associated Account(s) may be suspended, terminated, or other actions in our sole discretion. User's cancellation goes into effect after the current billing period has passed. I. CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about this policy, please contact us at nicksavchenko2205@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse