Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING, ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING ANY OF OUR SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND ALL PERSONS AND BUSINESSES FOR WHOM YOU ARE REPRESENTING.This Policy is incorporated by reference into and is subject to any applicable terms governing the Service(s) that you are using, including the general Terms of Service, which are available here, and the End User License Agreement, which is available here. Information Collected By UsUser Provided Information. When using our Services, you may provide certain information by which someone could personally identify you such as your name, email address, mailing address, or other contact information (" Personally Identifiable Information"), as well as information about yourself such as your power usage, browser type, webpages of our Services that you access, device configurations, or device performance data, by which someone could not personally identify you (" Non-Personally Identifiable Information").Usage Data. As described in this section, we may automatically collect information when you use the Services ("Usage Data"). WE DO NOT COLLECT THE CONTENTS OF ANY COMMUNICATIONS THAT PASS THROUGH OUR DEVICES OR SERVICES.Support Data. We will use this support data to resolve your support incident and for training and product development purposes. We may disclose certain User Information to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf (e.g., with vendors that help us with delivering Products to you, including transaction processing and fraud prevention, vendors that help us maintain our Sites, or analytics providers) and may be located in other countries. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computers hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them. Some features of the Services may not function with cookies disabled. Functional cookies allow the Sites to remember your preferences, helping you to customize your content on our Sites. Targeting cookies allow us to show more relevant advertising by serving you information, offers and promos that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our sites and apps. We may use Local Storage Objects ("LSOs"), including Flash LSOs, to store your preferences and to personalize your visit to our site and use of our Services. Typically, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of LSOs through your web browser. We may provide third-party advertisers with aggregate or de-identified information about your usage of our Services. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving marketing emails from us, we may still send you emails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain in our systems, and may also be viewable in cached and archived pages of our Sites for a period of time. Additionally, if you discontinue using our Services or update your account information, we may retain the data previously collected about you. Certain Services utilize YouTube Application Program Interface (API) Services. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook or YouTube, as a service to you. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from a Service. Restricting Access to Third-Party Services. You may also visit the Google security settings page in your account to revoke access to third-party applications. If we learn that Personally Identifiable Information of children under thirteen (13) years of age has been collected on or through our Services, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information from our systems. Most of our Services are hosted in the United States. Please be advised that because our personnel have a limited ability to identify and access an individual users Personally Identifiable Information that our customer has submitted to the Services, if you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, we may first refer your request to the customer who submitted your Personally Identifiable Information, and we will support them as needed in responding to your request. THIS POLICY MAY BE REVISED PERIODICALLY AND THIS WILL BE REFLECTED UNDER DATE LAST MODIFIED BELOW.