Pricing
VPN Servers
VPN Apps
Free Usage
Help
My Account
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 20, 2020
Preface
You have legitimate concerns about privacy and therefore we expressly describe all processing of personal data done by us. This document (hereinafter  the 'Privacy Policy' ) explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted when you access, install or use the FlyVPN Services. By visiting FlyVPN website, by submitting your personal data to FlyVPN, also by accessing, installing and/or using the FlyVPN Services you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and that you enter into legally binding relationship with FlyVPN (hereinafter 
'we' , 'us' , 'our' or
'FlyVPN' ), as well as you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to create a FlyVPN Account, you must provide the following basic information:
Email address. To send verification email when registering an account. To communicate with you about your VPN services or respond to your communications. You may choose to not receive Marketing emails by following the opt-out procedure described in these emails. The specific information collected varies depending on the payment method you choose. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. This information is used for improving the functionality and usability of our website and FlyVPN Services. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers. Installed Apps
We need to get info about the apps installed on your Android device. Cookies let FlyVPN optimize and improve the user experience of the Site by helping us deliver certain functionalities, such as website login and language settings. Disabling cookies
You are free to change your cookie preferences at any time. You can do this in the settings panel for your browser. FlyVPN's cookies
The cookies set by FlyVPN enable us to set your language preference, attribute visitors to a marketing channel, and, once you log in, securely show you information that is specific to your account. Cookies from such services are used to collect data for statistical reports. We may show such users advertisements on a Google search results page, or on a site in the Google Display Network. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Advertising Opt-out Page. Mobile identifiers
A mobile identifier is an identifier provided by an Android or iOS device. It does not contain your name or email address. If a person younger than 18 years old or a person, supplying wrongful data, become known to FlyVPN, such person and all their data may be immediately and without any notice withdrawn by suspending their access to FlyVPN Services. Managing user subscriptions and processing payments. With the consent of users, which users can withdraw at any time. Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. Please ensure that nobody accesses and uses your devices without your consent. You will be personally responsible if such action violates any third party's privacy or any other rights, or any applicable law. The date of the most current wording of the Privacy Policy is indicated at the top of the text. The amendment of the Privacy Policy may be communicated to you by sending an email and/or by publishing the updated Privacy Policy on the FlyVPN website. Please consider reviewing the Privacy Policy each time you use the FlyVPN Services.