Easy Privacy Policy
Welcome to visit our products. Easy VPN (including services provided by app and other products, hereinafter
referred to as "products and services") is developed and operated by Easy VPN developer (hereinafter referred to
as "we"). Ensuring users' data security and privacy protection is our top priority. This privacy policy
specifies the data you collect when accessing and using our products and services and how to deal with it. Please carefully read and confirm that you fully understand all the rules and key points of this privacy policy
before continuing to use our products. If
you have any questions about this policy during reading, you can contact our customer service for consultation. Please contact us through Easy VPN or feedback in the product. If you do not agree to the relevant agreement or
any of its terms, you should stop using our products and services. This privacy policy helps you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we store and protect your personal information
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
1 How do we store and protect your personal information
As a general rule, we only retain your personal information for the time required to achieve the purpose of
information collection. We will retain your personal information for the time strictly necessary to manage our
relationship with you (for example, when you open an account and obtain services from our products). For the
purpose of complying with legal obligations or proving that a right or contract meets the applicable limitation
of action requirements, we may need to retain your archived personal information after the expiration of the
above period and cannot delete it at your request. When your personal information is no longer necessary for the
purpose or file corresponding to our legal obligations or statutory limitations, we ensure that it is completely
deleted or anonymized. It is worth mentioning that in order to strengthen the protection of privacy data, we have desensitized it when
collecting it. Even in our own database, we will not store relevant and plaintext privacy data. For the
comprehensive consideration of business and all aspects, we only use these data ourselves and do not share them
with any third party. We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or the mandatory requirements of
the competent government departments. On the premise of compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive
the above request for information disclosure, we will require to issue corresponding legal documents, such as
subpoena or investigation letter. We firmly believe that the information we are asked to provide should be as
transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. In the following cases, the sharing, transfer and public disclosure of your personal information do not require
your prior authorization and consent:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security
2. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution
3. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate rights and
interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent
4. Your personal information disclosed to the public by yourself
5. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government
information disclosure and other channels
6. Necessary for signing and performing the contract according to the requirements of the personal information
subject
7. It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as
finding and handling the faults of products or services
8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations