Privacy Policy
What information we collect:
1.Personal Information:
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. Personal Information means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address,
physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc. 2.Non-Personal Information:
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. Non-Personal Information
means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your
mobile device, your mobile operating system, the list of system applications and currently installed applications, and information about the way you use the
Application. 3.Location information:
When you use VPN, we may collect and process information about your location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address and
other sensors. The collection and use of location information is to enable us providing you better service (i.e. connect your device to the most suitable VPN
server based on your location, so that youll have better and faster connection). We do not store or share your true IP address or use the IP address for any
other purposes such as associating the IP address with your browsing information or online activities when using our VPN service. Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative,
physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Your Privacy
We do NOT store or retain any personal information that can be used to identify you(the end user), unless specifically stated in the application
(for example, an e-mail address used for account registration). No data specific to the end user will be shared or sold to third parties. We have no
interest in housing and storing users personal information or data. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or any other issues regarding our apps or services, please contact us
at[emailprotected]