Privacy PolicyTerm Of User
Normal Proxy has an unequivocal company policy: the strongest observance of data protection and uncompromising protection of user privacy. These are NOT monitored, recorded, logged or stored by us. We do NOT have any access to the credit card information you submitted to our payment processor and we DO NOT connect your payment or information with any kind of online activity done by you inside the Normal Proxy tunnel. We provide a service that protects privacy. We take your data very seriously and we put a lot of effort to ensure safe storage and protection of your data. We believe you should always know what data we collect and how we use it. This
document (Privacy Policy) defines and informs you of any and all of the instances in which your data and information is collected and used. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") sets forth the privacy practices of Normal Proxy (hereinafter called "Normal Proxy" or "Company") and applies to users ("user(s)" or "you") of the Software currently known as "Normal Proxy
" ("Normal Proxy ") available through the company's website at: http://normalproxy.com("Website")
This Policy applies to all Services that we offer via our entire suite of apps, and also applies to the Website as well as your use of Normal Proxy ("Services"). This Policy does not apply to any website, product or service of any third-party
company even if the website links to (or from) our Website. By using our Website or Services, you are accepting
the practices described in this Policy. Information related to your account ("Personal Data"):
When registering through our Website you will be requested to provide your name, address, e-mail address, username and payment information which you submit to us voluntarily when you order or subscribe for our Services, as well as when
you fill out any of the contact forms on the Website. Anonymous Information ("Non-personal Data"):
Additionally, we collect and/or receive and store certain non-personal information ("Non-personal Data") whenever you interact with us. This exchange of information occurs between your browser and our affiliates or our server occurs automatically
upon accessing our pages. With regards to the Normal Proxy, Non-personal Data is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Thus Non-personal Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. Additionally, Non-personal Data do not
include any information about the activity performed by the user inside the Normal Proxy tunnel such as browsing history, web content accessed, destinations of traffic, DNS queries and IP addresses. We use this information for internal
monitoring, analytics and improvement of our services in the way described in this Policy. Additionally, at your sole discretion you may approve connection diagnostics which allows for app data to be sent by the user to the customer support team, similarly to a "report a bug" feature. A connection log may also be sent together
with a ticket that is raised with our customer support, so our team can debug any faults that may appear and result in a bad experience for the user. We additionally may use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information on
this point. Users may opt out of any unwanted emails by the unsubscribe option in the emails or by contacting us directly at support [emailprotected]. These third parties use pixels or cookies to measure things such as the average time spent by users on the Site
or visited pages so we learn how to improve the Site for you. We also encourage you to review the Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information. This metric allows us to properly adjust our infrastructure according to the demand. This information correlated with the above event results, is helping
our engineers to determine if there are any network issues which might prevent users from starting the service, identify peak hour intervals for our service so we can have the infrastructure scaled to meet the requests, etc. We may disclose your Personal Data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our
ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We may further collect and possibly share your Personal Data to enforce the Terms of Service. This may be done to prevent a crime or violation of our Terms of Service or to help solve a transgression that has been committed. Lastly, we may share Non-personal Data associated with the use of our Website and the Services with 3rd part suppliers for the purposes of optimization of our Website and Services as well customer analytics and fraud prevention (e.g.VWO,
Appsflyer, Google, Instabug, BugSplat, OpenX, etc).