Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationHydra PolicyHydra Private PolicyHydra Ltd Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy (the Policy) applies from Dec 2th, 2022, serves to explain what information Hydra Ltd policy and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, or our) collect, and how we use and protect your information when you use any mobile applications that we develop and are available for download in the Google Play Store. Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. We store the information collected through the Android ID tied to the device you are using. In this way, we can retain your advertising behavior while you are using the app. Whether the function is running normally, such as whether a virus is detected. These data only be passed to the certified third-party statistical platform: Firebase, Facebook Analytics and our self-built data statistics system (ECS). The above information is only used to improve the product experience and will not be sold to any third parties. Monetization and Analytical Information from Other SourcesThird-party SDKs integrated in our app may access your information, including:	Google Advertising ID	Demographic data (e.g. determination of your IP address)	Data to fight against fraud (e.g. click fraud in advertising)	Data associated with your device (e.g. device type, technological information, country)	Data to do advertising, marketing and analysis	Advertisers may store or read cookiesThe information collected by third-party SDKs is governed by the providers of these SDKs and we have no control over such third parties. It is used exclusively for advertising and analytics. It is not connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example: SSAID, MAC address, IMEI, etc.). To improve and optimize the ServicesTo provide better Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:	Update and develop the Services	Develop and improve your experience	Manage the relationship with you	Customize your service experience	Respond to your comments and questions and provide support to you	Provide offers in the Services as well as in other websites and services	Send related information (e.g. updates, security alerts, support messages) to youii. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of our third party advertising and marketing partners so that you can understand how these third parties collect, use and share your information. In particular, please note that any personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data that you communicate or disclose to any user in connection with the Services may be collected and used by others. What Are the Important Permissions We Request?Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to let our app perform properly. Other	bind to an accessibility service	update component usage statistics	receive data from Internet	notifications	full network access	close other apps	control vibration	measure app storage space	install shortcuts	view network connections	reorder running apps	draw over other apps	prevent device from sleeping	uninstall shortcuts	run at startup	connect and disconnect from Wi-FiExemple some permissions in our Applications:+ Access Internet123<uses-permission android:name="android.permission. INTERNET" /><uses-permission android:name="android.permission. CAMERA" />This permission help us to get an image from your Camera (take picture from Camera) for photo edit.+ Check Network is available?1<uses-permission android:name="android.permission. Right of access and rectificationIf you request a copy of your personal information that we hold, we will provide you with a copy without undue delay and free of charge, except where we are permitted by law to charge a fee. We will only process your restricted personal information shall with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.viii. Right to lodge a complaintIf you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at hydragameldtd@gmail.com so that we can work to resolve your concerns. This notice is designed to supplement the information described in our <Privacy Policy> and applies solely to users who reside in the State of California (consumers or you). IF YOU ARE NOT A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for request for information twice within a 12-month period. Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Data collection instructions for minorsThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. Changes to the PolicyAny information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.