Privacy Policy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information
collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the Wire VPN Services. All definitions and capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy are defined here or in our General Terms. If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Processing of your data
Wire VPN processes user data only to a very limited scope  only as much as it is absolutely required for provision of the Wire VPN Services, processing of payments for the Wire VPN Services, as well as functioning of the Wire VPN website and mobile applications. Personal data is processed by Wire VPN automatically and manually. Wire VPN guarantees a strict no-logs policy for Wire VPN services, meaning that your activities using Wire VPN Services are provided by automated technical process, are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses or other data. If you want to engage full functionality of the Wire VPN Services, you need to create a user account and provide basic personal data indicated below. Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. Payment related information
Payment data. This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase, payer's IP address. You must maThunderain this information current, truthful, complete and accurate. You warrant that you are authorized to provide such information. You authorize us to verify your information at any time. In order to maThunderain the VPN service, the Wire VPN also processes limited technical information, which sometimes may be considered personal data. This information is used for improving the functionality and usability of our website and Wire VPN Services. If you decide not to provide this limited information, we may not be able to provide you with the full scope of the Wire VPN Services. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers. You can set up warnings for every time the Site places a cookie in your browser, or you can hoose to disable all cookies. You can do both through your browser settings. Since each browser has a different procedure for managing cookies, look at your browsers Help Menu to learn the correct way to do it. Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. You also may request to restrict the processing of your personal data (when there is a legal basis for that). Due to technical reasons (such as backup copies of the databases) your personal data may be finally deleted only within 60 days or longer, if it is mandated by the statutory requirements. If you wish to use the Wire VPN Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew. You can request us to discontinue processing your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other Wire VPN's legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).