Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationLolitaPrivacy PolicyLolita places great importance on the personal privacy of all users who use the Lolita platform service. In order to provide you with more accurate and more personalized services, Lolita will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, Lolita will treat this information with a high level of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in the Lolita User Registration Agreement and this Privacy Policy, Lolita will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. Lolita will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When you agree to the Lolita Service Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Lolita User Registration Agreement. Lolita places great importance on the personal privacy of all users who use the Lolita platform service. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Lolita User Registration Agreement.1. Scope of applicationa) Your personal registration information provided on the Lolita platform when you register or activate an account that can login to the Lolita platform;b) The information that your Lolita automatically receives and records on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, use, when you use the Lolita Platform service, or visit the Lolita Platform web page. Language, date and time of visit, information on hardware and software features, and web page records for your needs; if you download or use Lolita or its affiliate mobile client software, or visit the mobile web site using the Lolita platform service, Lolita Information related to your location and mobile device may be read, including but not limited to device model, device identification code, operating system, resolution, telecommunication operator, etc.c) User's personal data obtained by Lolita from a business partner through legal means. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:a) The keyword information you entered when using the search service provided by the Lolita platform;b) Violation of the law or violation of the Lolita rules and actions that Lolita has taken against you.2. Use of informationa) Lolita will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your prior permission, or the third party and Lolita provide services for you individually and jointly, and After the service is over, it will be banned from accessing all of this information that it had previously been able to access.b) Lolita also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Information storage and exchangeThe information and information collected by Lolita about you will be stored on the servers of Lolita and/or its affiliates. Such information and information may be sent to the outside of your country, region or where Lolita collects information and materials, and Overseas access, storage, and display.5. Use of Cookiesa) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, Lolita will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the Lolita platform services or features that rely on cookies. Lolita uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services.b) You have the choice to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the Lolita platform services or features that rely on cookies.c) The information obtained through the cookies set by Lolita will apply to this policy;6. Information Securitya) Your account has security protection function. Please keep your account and password information safe. Lolita will ensure that your information is not lost and is not abused or altered through security measures such as backing up to other servers and encrypting user passwords. In spite of the aforementioned security measures, you are also requested to note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.b) Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is compromised, especially if your account and password leaked, please contact Lolita customer service immediately for Lolita to take corresponding measures.7. Special considerations for minorsIf you are not a natural person with full civil rights capabilities and full civil capacity, you do not have access to the Lolita platform service, so Lolita expects you not to provide us with any personal information.8. disclaimerLolita is not responsible for any of the following situations:a) The disclosure of any personal data resulting from the user's informing or sharing of the user's information with a registered account.b) Any disclosure, loss, misappropriation or falsification of personal data resulting from hacking attacks, computer virus intrusion or outbreak, temporary closure due to government control, etc. affecting the normal operation of the network.c) Disclosure of personal data and other legal disputes and consequences resulting from other websites linked to this site.d) Personal data used to identify the user's identity and contact information, Lolita has the right to provide to the following third parties when necessary, including but not limited to cooperation sites, courier services and so on. Lolita has no control over the use of customer data by these third parties to engage in activities that are not related to Lolita.e) When using the Lolita service, the user should not publish or upload information that he considers to be private, nor should the information be disseminated to others through the Lolita service. The privacy leakage caused by the user's actions should not be borne by the user. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse