1.PLEASE READ THESE USER TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OUR APPLICATION AND/OR ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE OR USING OUR SERVICE.2.If you reside in a jurisdiction that restricts or prohibits the use of the Service or Application, you may not use the Service or the Application.3.The Service, Application and Website are provided by Wifi Master(hereinafter referred to as we or us). We provide the ability to obtain Internet access services offered by third party Internet access providers, business owners or individuals (the Access Provider), which may be requested through the use of an applicationthe Wifi Mastersupplied by us and downloaded and installed by you on your single mobile device (smart phone) (the Application). If you are under the age of 13 you must not use our Service or download the Application. Your legal guardian or parent must agree to these terms for themselves and on your behalf if you are between 13 and 18 years old (or the age in your jurisdiction at which you are considered to be a minor). The amended version will substitute the former one upon release without further notice to you and will be made available on the Website for your review. By continuing to use the Service, Website or Application following the new User Terms being made available, you give your consent to the amended User Terms and they shall be binding upon you. The password data is shared by an authorised Access Provider. We do not provide Internet access services, and we are not a telecommunications carrier. We only act as an intermediary between you and the Access Provider. However, certain additional product features will be made available to Registered Users from time to time, which may not be available to non-registered Users. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Website, Service, Application or any in-app content or to review or edit any in-app content, but we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Website, the Application and Service, to ensure your compliance with these User Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body. We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to the Website, the Service or Application for or take legal action against you, if we, in our sole discretion, consider you to have committed an illegal act, be in violation of these User Terms or be acting in any way which is otherwise harmful to the Website, the Service or Application or other Users or Registered Users. Ownership of the Services / ApplicationWe possess the ownership of and the right to operate the Service. When you visit our Website and/or use our Application, we will also collect and process your data, such as your IP-address, country, language, mobile number, IMEI, device ID, MAC-address, information about the manufacturer, model, and operating system of your mobile device, including your mobile devices screen resolution, and access point information, including SSID and BSSID. We use this data to enable us to deliver the functionalities of the Application, resolve technical difficulties, provide you with the correct and most up to date version of the Application and to improve the operation of the Application. We will use your registration information to create and manage your account. If you are required to SMS us to complete the registration, standard SMS charges may apply. You may at all times opt-out of receiving these updates by emailing us at Huge8689cc@gmail.comor by following the steps to unsubscribe more fully described in any relevant email you receive from us. We may share this anonymised information with third parties for industry analysis and statistics. If you elect to refer a friend, we will automatically populate a message for you to send to your friend inviting him or her to try the Service on your behalf, however the actual message will be sent via your mobile device or social network and you will be able to edit the final message before you send it. Disclosure of personal dataWhen you request for Internet access services via the Application, we do not provide your personal data to any Access Provider. We will disclose your personal data to the extent that this is legally required, necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and legal process, or in the event of an emergency pertaining to your health and/or safety. We will respond to your access and/or correction request within four weeks. Security of personal dataWe have taken appropriate technical and organisational security measures against loss or unlawful processing of your personal data. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Your warranties, representations and undertakings5.4 You shall be responsible for obtaining appropriate authorisation from the owner of a WiFi hotspot when sharing such WiFi hotspot, including but not limited to the password and location of the WiFi hotspot, and for ensuring that all the information of any and all hotspots you share are secure. Any illegal action or breach of relevant law or rules is forbidden. We shall be exempted from any liability for any problems caused by the breach of this provision. The following instructions explain how to turn off ad tracking for Apple and Android devices:iOS 6:Choose Settings > General > About > Advertising Turn on Limit Ad TrackingiOS 7 or higher:Choose Settings > Privacy > Advertising Turn on Limit Ad Tracking Or view details on Apples help pages.