Privacy Policy
Last updated June 11, 2019
Innovative is committed to protecting your privacy. We also never store connection logs, i.e., no logs of your IP address, your outgoing VPN IP address, connection timestamp, or session duration. When you open the APP seeking for our VPN services, the APP assigns a unique identifier to you for the service (such unique identifier just binds up with your device identification code, but does not tie to any other personal information of users). Therefore, except for the limited exception above, we do not know any means or source of user's detailed payment for VPN services (including any credit card or bank account number) or any billing records either. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. To send marketing information, such as Innovative offers, surveys, invitations, and content about other matters in connection with Innovative ("Marketing emails"). That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through the VPN network. More specifically, Innovative has NO documents/information below under the situations of the limited connecting with your personal information and the non-collection of the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device:
We do not know which user ever accessed a particular website or service. The minimal information allows us to provide efficient technical support to you, such as identifying connection problems, providing country-specific advice about how to use our VPN services, and to enable our engineers to identify and fix network issues. We ensure the information we receive is fully anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual users (i.e., we do not store which user sent which data, and we do not store IP addresses). Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service. How we share information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers. Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral. We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. ADVERTISING
We do not server any ads for the VIP subscription of our services. We work with third-party advertising partners to show ads to the customers who choose free VPN services. There are no special data retention laws and no guidance pertaining to e-discovery or disclosure to foreign law enforcement agencies in Singapore. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We use emails for support correspondence: simpleeasy999@gmail.com. Access to user information is restricted to staff who require such access to perform their job functions. Servers are housed in data centers with strong security practices. If you decide not to use our VPN services any more, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and may remain accessible to the public. According to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we collect and process the data in a specific manner of users in EU outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
i)  For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the VPN services and Apps they have requested. Managing user subscriptions and processing payments. ii) For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our VPN Services, and Apps. You can withdraw your consent at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected.