Privacy Policy of Smart Clean
The protection of your data is very important to us, and we understand our responsibilities to handle your data with care, to keep it secure and to comply with legal requirements. The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide a clear explanation of when, why and how we collect and use personal data ("Policy"). if you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Smart Clean Team, "our", "we" or "us") (collectively, the "Services"). Smart Clean provides Free Services for users. If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services. Smart Clean reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account. Personal Information: When you sign up for a user account for any of the Services, We collect personal information, such as your phone number. Information collected by Third-Party Analytical Tools: Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purposes. This Policy does not govern our third-party analytical tools. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Apple Annie (Apple Annie Inc.) and Firebase (analytical platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they provide to us is aggregated analytical data. We do not provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your information to provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed, and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that are less protective than the country in which you reside. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required for the purpose they have been collected for. If you would like to have your information deleted, please contact us. Here we explain all important permissions that our app requests. The clean cache of applications
This permission is required to clean cache of installed applications on your device in the Junk Clean feature. Broadcast after the system finishes booting
This permission is used to help Smart Clean run automatically when the phone is restarted. Create windows shown on top of all other apps
This permission is used to make sure the super battery saver function can be used normally and show the process of it. The vibrator
This permission allows Smart Clean to provide vibration feedback after wrong password input. Keep processor from sleeping or screen from dimming
This permission is allowed to avoid screen dimming from the process of junk scan. Mounting and unmounting file systems
These permissions are used to detect and delete junk files on your devices and also used to read and store photographs if you use Photo Vault feature. We don't have any access to your password.