Loading...
Products
All-In-One Protection
Recommended
NEW! This Privacy Notice (Notice) is designed to inform you about how we collect, use, and share your personal data through our website (our Site), products, services, and web-based and mobile applications (collectively, the Services) or when you interact with us. Please see our Cookie Notice for more information about the cookies and similar technologies that we use and the choices available to you. In some cases, we may use the specific interactions between you and the online account companies with regard to your deletion requests (in a redacted form and without any Personal Data) to train our personal data assistant, so we can provide you with better suggested answers for the deletion request. For US residents, depending on applicable laws in your state of residence, you may request to: (1) confirm whether or not we process your personal information; (2) to access, correct, or delete personal information we maintain about you; (3) to receive a portable copy of such personal information; and/or (4) to restrict or opt out of certain processing of your personal information, such as targeted advertising, sale of personal information, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Our corporate affiliates
Third-party service providers
Government authorities or other parties pursuant to law
With persons of your choosing, if the product you are subscribed to allows that functionality
See above
No
Internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumers interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. Sometimes, we offer software and services free of charge, like an additional feature in a paid subscription, a pre-release, beta software or a courtesy service. If you violate this agreement or any of the additional terms and conditions that apply, well have to suspend or end your use of the software or service. Home Scan collects data from every device on your network, so be sure to let your friends and family know their devices will be scanned before you give them your Wi-Fi password. By using our service, you agree that we, the data sources that maintain your accounts, and any third parties that interact with your credentials or account data in connection with our service are not liable for any loss, theft, compromise, or misuse whatsoever in connection with our services (including negligence), except to the extent such liability cannot be limited under applicable law. Your initial subscription will automatically renew for an indefinite period of time, unless you turn off automatic renewal in your settings under MyAccount or terminate the subscription by other means (e.g., by accessing the cancel subscription here on McAfees homepage). All claims, whether in arbitration or otherwise, must be brought solely in your or McAfees individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or collective proceeding. We may reimburse or advance you the filing fee or other expenses if we are satisfied there is good reason to do so (e.g. you cannot afford the fees).The arbitration rules will apply in respect of all other fees and expenses and eachparty will bear its own legal costs and expenses, unless the arbitrator determines otherwise. While enrolling for the Services, we will ask you for the following types of information: (i) contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address); (ii) identity related information (such as date of birth, drivers license number and social security number); and (iii) information to verify your identity and financial information (such as credit card number). You are also entitled to receive a free copy of your credit report from a consumer reporting agency if:
You have been denied or were otherwise notified of an adverse action related to consumer, insurance, employment, or a government granted license or other government granted benefit within the past 60 days based on information in a consumer report provided by such agency. Below are additional warranties and limitations of liability applicable to our Identity Protection Services:
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US, OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. If you will be managing the settings of the Home Network through the Secure Home Platform mobile application (the App), then these Terms also apply to you (Home Network Administrator) and your use of the App. We may from time to time develop updates, patches, bug fixes, and other modifications to the Software (Updates) at no cost to you. The Platform is intended to be used only on the router on which it is pre-installed, and the App is intended to be used only on a supported mobile device owned by you. In addition, McAfee does not represent or warrant that the Platform, Home Network, and App are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free, or that the content or websites that you or users of your Home Network request, receive, or visit will be safe, legal, acceptable, or appropriate for a particular age. For example, there are viruses and other malware that: (i) delete or destroy your data (sometimes individual files, but sometimes even an entire disk by corrupting a master boot record or other key element); (ii) modify your files (such as parasitic malware that attaches itself to a file and modifies the file to enable its own execution and/or propagation); and (iii) encrypt files on your drive (such as ransomware that uses asymmetric encryption). Accepting this Agreement and Modifications By using our Services or clicking an acceptance button and/or installing any software, you agree unconditionally to be bound by ourLicense Agreementand these Terms of Service and acknowledge that it is enforceable as a written contract signed by you. Limited Redemption Period and Refund Rights Your right to use any of the Services, as well as your rights to obtain a refund for any service not used, vary depending on the type of Service(s) purchased as specified on your purchase confirmation email. A merchant may charge your safe cards for more than the original purchase amount, such as when you change your order after it is placed, update your shipping address, or add a tip or gratuity. In these cases, we will charge your funding source for the full amount charged to your safe card plus the fee as described at the beginning of this section. If you have any questions, please contact your McAfee representative or send inquiries to the McAfee Legal Department at:
McAfee, LLC
ATTN: Legal Department
6220 America Center Drive
San Jose, CA 95002
USA
Email MBGeneralLegal@McAfee.com
Trademark Guidelines
You may refer to McAfee's products and services by their associated McAfee trademarks and service marks, but not McAfees logos, so long as (a) such references are truthful, fair, and not misleading, and (b) you use only the minimum amount of the trademark as necessary to identify McAfee as the source of the product and service. These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of McAfee.com and other websites or webpages owned and operated by McAfee or its subsidiaries (the McAfee Sites), including any content functionality and services offered on or through the McAfee Sites. THE MCAFEE SITES, THEIR CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE MCAFEE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect. Additionally, this Pledge does not apply to small business or enterprise products and services.