Max VPN Service Privacy Policy
Last modified: February 8, 2021
In the following policy, Max VPN refers to the service offered by Max VPN Technologies AG (the "Company" or "We") through the Max VPN.com website and the software provided through it (the "Service"). This Privacy Policy explains (i) what information we collect through your access and use of our Service, (ii) the use we make of such information, and (iii) the security level we provide for protecting such information. Philosophy
Our Company is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Max VPN is a No-Logs VPN service
When you use the Service, we do NOT do any of the following:
Log users traffic or the content of any communications
Discriminate against devices, protocols, or applications
Throttle your Internet connection
You can find details about our
no-logs VPN policy here
Data we collect and why we collect it
Personal data (related to your account):
Account creation: To create an account, in order to use our Service, we do not ask your name or surname. You can also register with your existing Max VPN account. Bug reports sometimes rely on third parties, such as Zendesk. For example, if you make a payment with a credit card, your name and the last 4 digits of the credit card number will become part of the invoice and saved by us. Anonymous cash or Bitcoin payments and donations are also accepted. How we use this personal data:
Your email address is not shared with any third parties. We mainly use it for account-related questions, communication, and recovery. By signing up to our Service, you agree to receive communications from us, which may include promotional emails too. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your credit card payments. We do not do any targeted advertising or any profiling. If your account has been suspended for a breach of our terms and conditions, and you would like to exercise the rights related to your personal data, you can make a request to our support team. This data is deleted when your account is deleted. We only use analytics software to collect aggregated non-identifying information, such as: title of the page being viewed, screen resolution, outlinks, referrers, and page and website speed. For instance, looking in aggregate at the geographic distribution of the Service's users allows us to understand which countries have the most need for the Service and allocate development resources towards providing the best service in those countries. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. None of the software on our apps will ever access or track any location-based information from your device at any time. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. However, we are not responsible for the content of any website that we link to, and external sites are governed by their own terms and conditions and privacy policies. Data security
We take data security very seriously. Access to our infrastructure and Secure Core servers is tightly controlled. Offline backups may be stored periodically, but these are also secured. These third parties cannot see your actual data, which remains encrypted. By default, alternative routing is not used for Max VPN apps unless they detect that censorship measures are active on your network. Disclosure of your information
We will only disclose the limited user data we possess when compelled by law for the purposes of the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security. Foreign authorities' data requests must be approved by competent Swiss authorities. Under Swiss law, it is obligatory to notify the target of a surveillance request, although such notification may come from the authorities and not from the Company. Continued use of the Service will be deemed as acceptance of such changes.