Introduction
Welcome to
OZZMO YAZILIM A.S..
OZZMO YAZILIM A.S. ("us", "we", or "our") operates Lite VPN (hereinafter referred to as "Service"). COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device). DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. THE USER is the individual using our Service. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Address, Country, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
0.5. This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
0.6. to monitor the usage of our Service;
0.7. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
0.10. for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;0.2.6. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at [emailprotected]. the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
0.2. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
0.1. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. The categories of personal information we have collected about you. To stop selling your personal information. Your data protection rights, described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer Privacy Act. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.