Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions (the "Terms") govern your use of the VPN services we provide (the "Service") and their associated website domains (the "Site"). These Terms constitute a legally binding agreement (the "Agreement") between you and Secure VPN. ( Secure VPN may update the Terms from time to time without notice. Any changes in the Terms will be incorporated into a revised Agreement that we will post on the Site. Unless otherwise specified, such changes shall be effective when they are posted. Usage Policy
You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with your use of this service. You further agree that you, or anyone using the service under your account, will not engage in any of the following activities, and that any of the following activities constitute grounds for termination of your account:
Sending or transmitting unsolicited advertisements or content ("spam") over the Service, via e-mail or any other communication channel. Uploading, downloading, posting, reproducing, or distribution of any content protected by copyright, or any other proprietary right, without first having obtained permission of the owner of the proprietary content. Engaging in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other subscriber from using or enjoying the Service. Attempting to access, probe, or connect to computing devices without proper authorization (i.e., any form of "hacking"). Using the Service for anything other than lawful purposes. Additionally, you may be held responsible for any and all damages incurred by Secure VPN , including any amounts charged by any outside entity due to said violation(s), including without limitation attorneys fees and costs. Secure VPN enables you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools onto your computer or Internet-enabled device ("Software"). When you use our app we may collect the following information:
Internet service provider
Device OS version
Device manufacturer and model
Language of the device
App version
Times when connected to our service, and the total amount of data transferred per day, etc. We store this to be able to deliver the best possible network experience to you. We analyze this information generically and keep the data secure. Our software may send diagnostic data to a third party analytics provider for the purpose of identifying connection errors and possible bugs in our application. The information collected is generic in nature and does not contain personally identifying information. Disclaimers
We will strive to prevent interruptions to the Site and the Service. However, these are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we do not warrant, either expressly or by implication, the accuracy of any materials or information provided through the Site or Service, or their suitability for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that you access the Site and the Service at your own discretion and risk. The Site may contain links to third party websites ("Third Party Websites"). Access to Third Party Websites is at your own risk, and Secure VPN is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available on Third Party Websites. Secure VPN is not responsible for any form of transmission received from any link, nor is Secure VPN responsible if any of these links are not working appropriately. We do not control, nor are we responsible for, any data, content, services, or products (including software) that you access, download, receive or buy while using the Service. VPN service coverage, speeds, server locations and quality may vary. Secure VPN
will attempt to make the Service available at all times. We may impose usage or service limits, suspend service, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect users or the Service. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. We may, but are not obligated to, in our sole discretion, and without notice, remove, block, filter or restrict by any means any materials or information that we consider to be actual or potential violations of the restrictions set forth in these Terms, and any other activities that may subject Secure VPN
or its customers to liability.