TP-Link Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Notice to California Residents
Privacy policy & Terms of Use
Privacy
Terms of Use
Notice to California Residents
TP-LINK PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: Nov, 24 2022
TP-Link Corporation Limited (TP-Link, we us, or our), takes your privacy seriously. Your continued engagement with our Products and Services after such revisions indicates that you accept and consent to them, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates. Data will no longer be collected after you turn off this feature. You should carefully and diligently review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of those third-party products and services, and we will consider your decision to use those third-party products and services with our Products and Services to be a representation to us that you have consented to the third parties terms and practices. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. It also allows us to improve our Products and Services by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store your preferences so we may customize our Products and Services according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches;
recognize you when you return;
keep your account, data, and our Products and Services safe and secure;
promote the products or services to you that you may be interested in; and
measure the performance of cooperating third-party sellers. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. SECURITY
We have implemented measures, including encryption and TLS technology, designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These countries may have different privacy standards that differ from where you are. You may also send us an email at privacy@tp-link.com to request access to, correct, or delete personal data that you have provided to us. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or need further assistance, please email us at privacy@tp-link.com
TP-Link Corporation Limited
Room 901,9/F., New East Ocean Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to TP-Link! TP-Link may provide notifications to you as required by law or for marketing or other purposes via email (to the email address you provide our Services), or bypostingof such notice on the Site(s). Account Registration
In order to use the Services, you may be required to sign up for an account. At any time, we may temporarily or permanently modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict access to all or part of the Services and/or any related software, facilities, and services, with or without notice and/or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use. Modification or use of the content on the Services for any purpose not permitted by these Terms may be a violation of the IP Rights protected by law and these Terms and is prohibited. You may not use the content of the Services in any other public or commercial way nor may you copy or incorporate any of the content of the Services into any other work, including your own website without the prior written consent of TP-Link. Where this is the case, please carefully read any specific rules or other terms and conditions which appear elsewhere on the Services to govern those submissions (Additional Terms), as they will affect your legal rights. Our Use of Content
TP-Link will consider anything you provide to us and/or contribute to the Services as available for our use free of any obligations to you (including any payment), except where Invited Submissions are expressly governed by Additional Terms appearing elsewhere on the Services, in which event those Additional Terms will determine how we will treat your Invited Submissions. Restrictions on Use
During your use of the Services, you may create connections between our hardware devices, third-party hardware devices, our Services, and/or third-party services. THE TP-LINK GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICES OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SERVICES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, ABILITY TO MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR OTHERWISE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING INSURANCE COVERING ALL LOSS, DAMAGE, OR EXPENSE, WHETHER FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY (INCLUDING DEATH), ECONOMIC LOSSES, OR ANY OTHER FORM OF LOSS, DAMAGE, OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF OR FROM (I) THESE TERMS, OR (II) THE SERVICES. TP-Link is or may be the seller of various goods and services available on the Services. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold the TP-Link Group harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses, and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising from or in any way related to any third-party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third-party using your account), (b) your violation of these Terms, and (c) your intentional infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. The arbitrator shall be a retired judge or justice of any California state or federal court with substantial experience in the internet industry and shall follow California substantive law in adjudicating the dispute, except that this Section shall be construed as a written agreement to arbitrate pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA).You andweagree that we intend that this Sectionsatisfies the writing requirement of the FAA. You shall comply with all applicable federal laws, regulations, and rules, and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the Services available outside the US. Based on your device settings, when your device is connected to the internet either:a) the Services will automatically download and install all available Updates; or b) you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates. If you do not terminate a previously created account, you will receive Updates automatically. You and TP-Link agree that the Terms and the Privacy Policy incorporated herein are the complete set of understanding between both parties and that they supersede and cancel all previous written and oral agreements, communications, and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms; it being understood that the terms of express warranties accompanying the purchase of TP-Link products are in addition to such Terms. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to our use of cookies and such technologies.