When you use our services you are trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility for us and work very hard to protect your information. You may change your consent anytime in our App Settings.1. Data controller and representativeBoosterHub-Clenaer&Booster cares about privacy of your personal information and is committed to protecting it. When you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary. You voluntarily provide this information to us. Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.3. How We Use the Information We CollectWe use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you. To provide the Services to you we require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. We cannot provide you with Services without such information. To enforce terms, agreements or policies. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes. To send you Service-related communications. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. To personalize your experience on the Services. Such processing ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services. We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and, keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.4. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries based on our legal obligations, in the public interest, or your vital interests. However, any personal information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. We do not collect your information on and through and this Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. Account SecurityPlease do not buy, sell, transfer, rent, and/or lease your account and/or password to other people. SecurityWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Information from unauthorized access and use. Children's InformationBoosterHub-Clenaer&Booster does not knowingly collect any personal identification information from children under the age of 13 (or such legally required age ofconsent for Juveniles as defined under applicable laws) or knowingly allow such person to register on BoosterHub-Clenaer&Booster. In the event that we are notified that we have collect personal information from a child under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent for Juveniles as defined under applicable laws) without parental consent, we will suspend the account and delete relevant information as quickly as possible. Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.