Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationNox Ltd Privacy PolicyNox Ltd Privacy Policy Nox Ltd Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies from Mar 2th, 2022. We always put your privacy as the first consideration and the Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.1. The Nox Limited Privacy Policy applies to Nox Limited ("Nox Ltd") and unless specified, its subsidiaries, including Nox Limited, Nox Ltd., Nox Cleaner, Nox Security, Nox Files and any contractors, representatives, agents, and resellers while they are working on our behalf (collectively "we," "us" or "our"). When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information described below. When you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary. Profile Information: When using some of our Services, you may be able to add information to your profile, such as an avatar or profile picture, birthday, nickname or username, or country. You voluntarily provide this information to us. Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. Installed application list: We will collect your installed application list and upload it to a third-party virus database (https://cse.avlyun.com/) for scanning, so as to discover possible security risks in time and better protect the security of your device and your privacy. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. You may choose to opt-out anytime, but please note that not giving us these permissions can result in malfunctioning of our app. If we use your personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes. To personalize your experience on the Services. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above. We may process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and keep you up-to-date with our relevant products and Services. You can opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.5. We will notify you via email or a prominent notice within our Services of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal informationOther than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. We do not collect your information on and through and this Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. We will not take any responsibility for the illegal use of your account by others that is caused by hacking or negligent password keeping.8. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Information which is impenetrable.9. Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION AND USE OF THIS MOBILE APPLICATION SOFTWARE IS BASED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.Nox Limited has the right to modify the terms of this Agreement regarding the updates of the Software. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse