Privacy Policy
Last updated: July, 26, 2017
This privacy policy sets out how Our Application uses and protects any information that you give to the Application when you use it. Application is committed
to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this app, then you can be
assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Application may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You
should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st of Dec, 2017. What we collect
We may collect the following information, we will always try and ask for the minimum amount of data to give you a good experience. -Device information
-E-Mail address
-First & Last Name
What kind of information Application will show you? Application is a security service and we do not guarantee to give you %100 results. It was only designed to protect your conversations from well-known messenger and have them backed up. - We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websites
Our app may contain links to other content of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our app, you should note that we do not have any control over that other content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.