Privacy Policy
Last updated May 15, 2020
Lemon Clove is committed to protecting your privacy. Lemon Clove are not available for the information related to the personal information of users, including but not limited to names (subscriber names, user names and screen names), addresses (including mailing addresses, residential address, business addresses) and telephones, unless the data you provide depending on the context of your interactions with us and the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use for the purpose of administering your subscription and for the purpose to enjoy our VPN services. When you use the VPN services, we will check your account information through this unique identifier to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing your VPN connection. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. That said, we don't collect any information regarding the websites you visit or any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through the VPN network. We do not know the set of original IP addresses of a user's computer or the temporarily assigned network addresses. For the purpose to fulfill our contractual obligations in good faith and to make you enjoy excellent VPN services, we collect the following information related to your VPN usage:
Information related to Apps and Apps versions
We collect information related to which Apps and Apps version(s) you have activated. We ensure the information we receive is fully anonymized and cannot be tied back to individual users (i.e., we do not store which user sent which data, and we do not store IP addresses). Crash reports, also without any personally identifiable information. On iOS, Apple's crash reporting can be turned off in iOS settings. Conclusion
We collect minimal usage statistics to maintain our quality of service. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service. How we share information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers. Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral. We may share information with your consent. ADVERTISING
We do not server any ads for the VIP subscription of our services. As well, we are proud to offer free, advertising-supported VPN services to the customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. In service of this mission, Lemon Clove's registered place of business is in Singapore, where has integrated data protection legislation. There are no special data retention laws and no guidance pertaining to e-discovery or disclosure to foreign law enforcement agencies in Singapore. The disclosure of personal data may follow this Privacy Policy. More specifically, we think the subpoena, court order or search warrant may lose its coercive effect when it crosses its boundary. We use best-in-class physical, procedural, and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of information. Access to user information is restricted to staff who require such access to perform their job functions. If any data center were to ask us to log such data, we would immediately cease operations with said data center and find alternative options. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at vpnproxymaster@inconnecting.com. ACCESS
When you become one of our users for the VPN services, you may access certain information associated with you by emailing vpnproxymaster@inconnecting.com. According to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we collect and process the data in a specific manner of users in EU outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
i)
For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the VPN services and Apps they have requested. Managing user subscriptions and processing payments. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you.