Our Business
Printing Group
Imaging Group
Medical Group
Industrial Group
Special Selection
Semiconductor Lithography Equipment
Flat Panel Display (FPD) Lithography Equipment
Materials
Components
Newsroom
News Releases
IR News
Sustainability
Top Page
Environment
Society
Governance
Recommended Content
Sustainability Report
Bird Branch Project
Tsuzuri Project
New Cosmos of Photography
Pick Up
Sustainability Report 2022
We introduce Canon's activities through a framework featuring elements of an Integrated Report. About Canon
Top Page
Investor Relations
Technology
Design
Commitment to Quality
The Canon Monozukuri Way
Intellectual Property
Procurement Information
Recommended Content
Canon Camera Museum
Canon Video Square
Corporate Publications
Sports
Canon Creative Park
WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT
Pick Up
The Canon Monozukuri Way
The evolution of monozukuri is the driving force of future society. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how we, Canon Inc. ("Canon"), process the personal data that we collect from you when you use our apps governed by this Privacy Policy (our "Services"). To send important notices:
For example, we ask for your email address so that we can send you a confirmation of your orders. To improve your user experience and the overall quality of our Services:
Knowing your basic personal details lets us personalize any communications we send to you. when you access and use our Services and the building of profiles over time. It also includes information about the devices and methods you use to interact with Canon Services and content. We will process your behavioral, device and interactions information for the following purposes:
To provide, maintain, protect and improve products and Services, and to develop new ones:
For example, information about how you browse our websites or search for products can be used for data analysis and research, to deliver better user journeys, provide more relevant search results or structure the way the information is shown in our Services. Storing data locally on your device allows us to improve things like website performance and loading of content even when you are offline. To provide, maintain, protect and improve products and services, and to develop new ones:
Understanding how our customers use our products help us identify features that we need to improve or add to future products. We will use this information to evaluate whether your Canon product is eligible for warranty coverage. To provide customers with more useful information, more relevant content and offers, and latest news about products and events. 1.3.2 Community Chatter/Comments/Forum Posts
This section comprises any content submitted by you through Canon's online channels and forums, which is processed for the following purposes:
To help solve any issues you might have:
We scan through forum activity for keywords to identify users experiencing difficulties with our products and pro-actively support them. 1.5 Settings and Preferences
Certain Canon Services allow you to specify your personal preferences (e.g. preferred language). Users may also specify their privacy preferences with regards to things like receiving marketing communications. 1.6 Location Information
We gather your location data, including real-time geographic location, where you have expressly authorized us in accordance with your privacy settings of your installed apps, browsers and devices. We do not use your location information to track your private activity for purposes other than those set in this section. We do not share location information with third parties nor sell it to anyone. 1.7 Cookies and other technologies
Cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons) are small pieces of information used to store technical and/or personal details, identify users of a service and enable certain functionalities. The personal data processed when you use our Services will not be transferred without your prior explicit consent, to other individuals or businesses, for their own use. Canon is committed to protecting your privacy. Access and use of our Services by anyone under the age of majority is only permitted with the express permission of a parent or legal guardian. Note that after the deletion of your personal data, it cannot be recovered and any data and content stored on the Services will also be permanently deleted. This term should typically not exceed 5 years in most jurisdictions. Your commitments
You guarantee the quality of the information provided in our Services. All personal data you send to Canon must be real, accurate and kept up to date. You take full responsibility that your information is accurate, updated and that it complies with this principle. By using any of our Services, even if they require no registration - but through which your personal information is collected , you authorize Canon to use such data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We will not engage in any processing operations that might put in risk your personal information, and will gather your explicit consent where necessary to safeguard your right to privacy. We will keep you updated on any important changes to this Privacy Policy through the Services.