To fulfill our commitment to respecting and protecting your privacy, we will adhere to our basic principles as explained
in detail below, and crafted this Privacy Policy in accordance with these basic principles:
We inform you of the personal information that will be collected, and seek your consent to collect, use, or disclose your
personal information. We collect only information that is necessary to carry out the identified purposes of use. Thank you for taking the time to read it. This starts with making
sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by Vidmix. To make it extra clear, weve added links to this Privacy Policy
on all applicable services. Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. We also collect information generated as you use our services,
for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social
media account. 1) Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
 Other Users
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. Read the Contents of SD Card
Read, Modify or delete the contents of your SD card as your instructions. Cookies are small data files stored on
your hard drive or in device memory that store information about your use of the Services, which authenticating you, remembering
your preferences and settings, analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising
campaigns, allowing you to use social features. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. To measure the effectiveness
of the advertisements and determine how much to pay to the advertising agencies, we install third-party modules within
the App. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a Do Not Track (DNT) feature that
tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. For this reason, many businesses, including
Vidmix, do not currently respond to DNT signals. 1) To administer your account and provide our services to you
 Create and manage your account
 Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
 Complete your transactions
 Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing
2) To help you connect with other users
 Analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections
 Show users profiles to one another
3) To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
 Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. 10) About face data
 We use photo metadata to provide with certain features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that youre comfortable
being publically viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it. All of our service
providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations. In some instances, we may remove that user from all platforms. 5) When required by law
 We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order,
subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in
the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any
person. 7) With your consent or at your request
 We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. We may also share this information with other Vidmix businesses and third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and
deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report
on advertising you see. To exercise any of these rights, you can get in touch with us - or our data protection officer - using the details set
out below. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. Where we process personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop
and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines,
we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific time frame due to technical constraints. CHILDRENS PRIVACY
If you are a minor, you shall use our services with obtaining prior consent of your parent or legal guardian (collectively,
"guardian"). We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information
from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content
are not directed at children under the age of 13.