Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Interpretation and Definitions
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
GDPR Privacy
CCPA Privacy
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Children's Privacy
Your California Privacy Rights (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
Links to Other Websites
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service. Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Hitchhike Tech. Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service. We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our services. Third-Party Advertisers - We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Advertising
We may use Service providers to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service. We and Our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on Your past visits to our Service. We will not store or collect Your payment card details. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. Legitimate interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. The right to access / the right to request. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data. Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email or call us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below. Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.