Application Privacy StatementThis privacy statement (Privacy Statement) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated application (Application). By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES SensusTech LLC COLLECT?We collect the following types of information from our users:Personal Information You Provide to Us:We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain  such as, from (for example) your Facebook account). The types of personal information collected may include your full name, email address, gender, IP address, browser information, username, demographic information, and any other information necessary for us to provide the Application services. Personal Information Collected Automatically:We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form with our partners. APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.SensusTech LLC may provide personal information to the applicable Application Partner. The Application Partners use of your personal information is subject to the Application Partners separate privacy policy  and not this Privacy Statement. The Application Partners privacy policy is linked to from within the Partners Facebook application. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone (with the exception of sharing your information with an applicable Application Partner  see the Application Partner Treatment section above). We share your personal information only as described below. Application Partners: We will share your personal information with an applicable Application Partner (see the Application Partner Treatment section above).Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes. Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if SensusTech LLC, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that SensusTech LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. Protection of SensusTech LLC and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of SensusTech LLC, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. CONDITIONS OF USE.If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law. THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and SensusTech LLC is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites. This list may change in the event the Application changes.- Account and user profile information- User e-mail address, if applicable- Facebook profile information, if applicable- User preferences- Application specific dataCAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?Our site and the services available through SensusTech LLC are not intended for children under the age of 13. SensusTech LLC does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your childs web experience. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.SensusTech LLC may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at info@sensustech.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.