In conducting our business we may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise handle your personal information. Collection of personal information
What is personal information? Sensitive information is a subset of personal information that includes information about your race or ethnic origins, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or details of health, disability or sexual activity or orientation. Generally, we will only collect sensitive information where you have consented to our collecting that information, including where you voluntarily submit such information to us. Why we collect personal information
Generally, we collect your personal information to provide you with products or services and to manage our relationship with you. Premises where CCTV cameras operate have signs at the point of entry, informing you of their operation. In some circumstances we may obtain personal information about you from third parties such as:
marketing databases or other sources that are publicly available such as websites, journals, legal directories and phone books;
friends or relatives who have provided us with your details as part of a promotion, competition or event, including where they have nominated you as an emergency contact; and
referees or previous employers where you have applied for a job with SCA. Cookies are information stored on your computer's hard disk. Web beacons are tiny graphics that sit on web pages. Cookies, web beacons and device identifiers allow us to collect certain information including your IP address or other unique identifiers for the devices you use to access our Platforms (such as mobile phones, tablets, and desktop computers) and to track how your interaction with the pages and content on our Platforms. Most web-browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can set your web-browser to refuse cookies. Technologies
We have implemented several technologies such as Google Analytics, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Krux DMP, Chartable and survey and promotion management tools on our Platforms to collect data related to the demographics and interests of visitors to our Platforms. To learn more about the Chartable analytics tool, click here. Some of our Platforms also use Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which allows you to contribute to market research and audience ratings services. We cannot identify you from this information. To learn more about this software and your choices in relation to it, please click here. Direct marketing opt-out
If we have collected your Personal Information, we provide opt-out or unsubscribe links on all our direct marketing communications including email unsubscribe links or SMS opt-out links. Advertising
We deliver targeted behavioural advertising on our Platforms to better serve your browsing activities and interests. You can opt out of personalised advertising in several ways. If you refuse cookies or web beacons you might not be able to use some of the functionality on our Platforms. Additionally, you can follow instructions to restrict personalised advertising on Apple or Android devices. Data security
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is protected from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some of these service providers may be located overseas, including in Canada, Singapore and the USA. If one of these exceptions applies, we may, if reasonable, provide access to the personal information in a way that meets our needs and yours (for example by giving you access through a mutually agreed intermediary), although this will not always be possible. If we refuse your request for access to, or correction of, your personal information, we will provide you with written notification of our decision and our reasons for reaching that decision. For example, we are required to maintain records to comply with legal, tax, audit and accounting obligations, and for dispute resolution purposes. More information and complaints
For more information on how we handle your personal information, or if you are concerned that we may have breached your privacy and wish to make a complaint, please contact us on the details below. We will take any privacy complaint seriously, and we aim to resolve all complaints in a timely and efficient manner. Contact us
Mail: The Privacy Officer
Southern Cross Austereo PO Box 345 South Melbourne, VIC, 3205
Email:[emailprotected]
Phone: (03) 9252 1019
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure it accurately reflects our practices and procedures as well as any changes in the law. We will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting an amended version on our website (www.southercrossaustereo.com.au), and changes will take effect from the date of posting.