HOMEAPPSABOUTTECHCAREERSBLOGIntroductionThis is the Privacy Policy of apps of AppNation and its various & next versions (hereinafter collectively referred to as "us", "we", or "our") and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use which can be found at https://appnation.co/terms. You may also provide personally identifiable information, but that is optional. If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your address book on the device you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook IDs, but not notes or other personal information in your address book) and we will store them on our servers and use them to help you use the Service, for example, by synchronizing your contacts between different devices you may want to use with the Service. Our applications allows you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the application with other users, and if you choose to do so your text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications will be stored on our servers. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share. . If you do not agree with all the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. To complete a commerce transaction on shop, you will be requested to provide your payment information, including your credit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. We do not process or store your payment information. We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. In general these reports do not contain personally identifiable information, or only incidentally. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and fixing the error. Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.- We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. With this feature, we can be protected from exhibitionism. In addition, unless you opt-out, your Profile is discoverable by other users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will include your proximity to other users. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely. You can remove your data anytime you want. Any personally identifiable information that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the application with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. Outbound LinksIf you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service, such third party may also collect information about you. You may opt-out by following instructions in the message sent by us or its service providers on how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. SecurityProtecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority for us. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy of all personally identifiable information you provide to us. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website, or as required by law. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the Service will cease automatically.3) Right to rectification and erasureYou have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest the right to withdraw consent. DateThis privacy policy was posted on July 1, 2020.Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyHelp CenterContact Us 2023 AppNation.