Splend Apps
#SplendidAndroidApps
Home
Apps
News
Privacy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last update: May 20, 2021
Splend Apps (we or us or our) respects the privacy of our users (user or you). We will alert you about any changes by updating the Last updated date of this Privacy Policy. COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Applications depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
Demographic and other personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the Applications, such as chat, posting messages in comment sections or in our forums, liking posts, sending feedback, and responding to surveys. Financial Data
All financial information is stored by our payment processor (Google Payments) and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. This information may also include the contact information of anyone you invite to use and/or join the Applications. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your devices settings. Email you regarding your account or order. Increase the efficiency and operation of the Applications. Notify you of updates to the Applications. Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you. Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity. Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems. Respond to product and customer service requests. Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance. Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Applications, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs. These companies may use information about your visits to the Applications and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave the Applications. Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us. For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool. Once you have used these links to leave the Applications, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Applications. POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California.