Privacy Agreement
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it sets out important information relating to how we
handle your personal information. The Music Recognition - Find Songs app is an Ad Supported app. This
SERVICE is at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which
is accessible at Music Recognition unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device
and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. This Log Data may
include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating
system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your
use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option
to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our
behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other
purpose. Payments
Certain Apps may include additional features and services that are subject to payment, the payment can be in terms of an ongoing subscription plans (Subscription) or one-time payment. We further reserve the right to change the Subscription fees at our sole discretion. If you are a paid User at the time of such change, the new rate will be affected upon your next subscription period; otherwise, you may choose to cancel your Subscription, in which case you will be refunded on a pro-rata basis. When you sign up for a Free Trial, you acknowledge and agree that unless you actively cancel your Subscription by the end of the Free Trial, you will be automatically billed subject to the then-current terms of the applicable Subscription. Therefore, your transactions are subject to the then-current payment processors terms of use and privacy policies. The Company will notify you in accordance with the notification terms under these EULA in the event different or additional payment processors are used by the Company to process payments for any Companys Services. Cancellation terms and disputes will be subject to such payment processors terms. The Company Refund policy enable User to issue a Refund Request (Refund Request) upon to thirty (30) days of purchase. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we
are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated
by me. I do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.