Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy PolicyYooga Mobile built the Mtube app as a Free app. This service is provided by Yooga Mobile , at no cost and is intended for use as. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The information that We request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the appUNITY ADSGoogle Play ServicesAdmob
LOG DATAWe want to inform you that whenever you use this Service, in a case of an error in the app We collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. COOKIESCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. SERVICE PROVIDERWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. SECURITYWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security. LINKS TO OTHER SITESThis Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. CHILDREN'S PRIVACYThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. CONTACT USIf you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me. via : mosaab19alla@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse