Our guiding principles are simple:We use data to serve our listeners. See below the California Residents Addendum (the CA Addendum) for more information applicable to CA residents. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes. This processing is necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you. When you use Sonos Products and/or Service, including but not limited to downloading a firmware/software update, connecting to third party product and/or service such as music streaming or voice control services, selecting audio content to play in the rooms or spaces of your choice and/or otherwise interacting with Sonos Products and/or Services we may collect, depending on your preference and/or settings, a variety of personal and non-personal information, including:Contact Information. This data is absolutely necessary for your Sonos Product and/or Service, including Sonos Radio and Sonos Voice Control, to perform its basic functions in a secure way and you will not be able to opt out from this data collection, sharing and/or processing if you want to continue to use your Sonos Products and Services. This information is needed to fulfill the agreement we have with you, to ensure proper functionality and to help improve these features which is also our legitimate interest. Sonos does not retain a copy or transcript of your voice recording. Concurrent with the voice recording, Sonos Product will collect data (for example, decibel level at each frequency) about the ambient noise in the room. Once enabled, some of the Products can automatically adjust their sound for your environment with Auto Trueplay (Auto Trueplay). For instance, for customer inquiries and technical questions, we use the contact information to respond to the customer in their preferred channel (phone, email, social). We also use your personal information to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new Sonos Products or Services available, security and other types of updates. Sonos uses the data for the following purposes:
Purchase and Delivery of Sonos Products and Services
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver Products and Services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, Products and Services, and promotional offers. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of Sonos Products and Services. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest. To provide such features or services, where available, Sonos and its partners must collect, use, transmit, process and maintain your location data, including but not limited to the geographic location of your third party device and information related to, your Sonos app, your Sonos account and any Sonos Product(s) registered thereunder, including but not limited to your Sonos ID, third party device ID and device name, and third party device type. When you sign up to receive Text Messages, we will send you information about promotional offers and more. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf and under the instructions of Sonos and in accordance with this Statement. Depending on your use of the third-party products, features, skills and/or services, we may share certain personal information we have about you with these third parties to enable the functionality and/or provide customer support. We will transfer your personal information in compliance with applicable data protection laws and will implement suitable safeguards to ensure that your personal information is adequately secured by any third party that will access your information (for instance, by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission). Additionally, always log out and close your browser when you finish your session. If you have opted out of receiving emails from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising activities. Return to top
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalize our websites for you, remember your preferences, understand how users are using our websites or app, and help customize our marketing offerings. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
During the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Statement, we may have provided personal information (i.e., hashed email address and cookie related information) to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so that we can provide you with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Products and Services, or use analytics partners to assist us in analyzing use of our services and our user/customer base. Advertising partners and advertisersUnaffiliated third parties for their advertising purposesAnalytics providersAdvertising partners and advertisersIP address, zip code, Sonos device type (e.g. Beam, One, Arc, etc.), Our websites each treat qualifying browsers for which the user has activated the GPC signal as having opted out of what CCPA calls a sale of any California personal information that is collected on that site from that browser using cookies and similar technology. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The disclosure of the value described herein is not intended to waive, nor should be interpreted as a waiver to, our proprietary or business confidential information, including trade secrets, and does not constitute any representation with regard to generally accepted accounting principles or financial accounting standards. Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off.