PRIVACY POLICY
Equalizer Sound Booster
[Last Amended: July 18, 2021]
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy), is an integral part of our End User License Agreement (EULA), and governs the processing and transfer of personal data collected or processed by Zipo Apps Ltd. (Company, we, us or our) when you accessing or using our mobile application or our services, all as detailed in the applicable EULA (respectively the App and Service). Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the EULA. This Privacy Policy explains what data we may collect from you, how such data may be used or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may exercise your rights related to your Personal Data (as defined below), among others, and where applicable, as required according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). For the purpose of operating our Services and App, we use several service providers as detailed in this Policy (collectively Service Providers):
In app payment providers;
Advertising partners;
Fraud prevention and analytic tools; and
Tracking tools. We are not aware of the identity of the individual from who we have collected the Non-Personal Data. Personal Data we collect from you
TYPE OF DATA
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
FOR EU PERSONS - LEGAL BASIS UNDER THE GDPR
Contact Information:In the event you contact us for support or any other inquiries, by sending us an email or by any other means of communications we may make available to you, you will be requested to provide us with your full name and email address. In addition, we may process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, for example, to send you marketing and promotional messages and offers related to our Services. You are able to unsubscribe from receiving such correspondence from us by contacting us at: support.eqsb@kigelapps.comPlease note that if you choose to unsubscribe from direct marketing, we may still retain your contact details and send you relevant service-related information such as invoices and subscription rates. GPS Location Information:Certain features may require access to your GPS location permissions. In addition, in certain features we will use your Access Fine Location permission in the background while you are using the App so that we are able to locate the wifi networks and connection to provide the Services. You may choose to block your background location through your device setting. We will process this data solely upon your active explicit consent though in-app notifications. Push Notifications:We may store Firebase Cloud Messages token. If you wish to stop getting push notifications, you may do so simply by disables push notifications on your devices settings or uninstall the app. We do not store nor process any Personal Data when you process the payment. In most cases, this data will not include Personal Data, however we treat this information as Personal Data as we may be able to reasonably identify you. We use this data in order to maintain, support, improve, protect and manage our App and Services. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience. Technical Data:We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Data which relates to your use of our App such as: the type and version of device, application, or browser used, operating system, or time zone setting, country, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs. As the technical data is Non-Personal Data it does not require a lawful basis. Provided by you voluntarily  we will collect information if and when you choose to provide us with the information, such as through the Services, contact us communications, etc. Their targeted advertising SDKs collect information about your browsing activity across multiple websites and online services in order to provide you with relevant advertisements on the App and Services of third parties. We may at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for such purposes. If you feel that your privacy was not dealt with properly or was dealt with in a way that was in breach of our Privacy Policy or if you become aware of a third partys attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of your Personal Data, please contact us at our email. We will make a reasonable effort to notify you and the appropriate authorities (if required by applicable law) if we discover a security incident related to your Personal Data. DATA TRANSFER
We use Google Cloud which are located in EU, US and Asia. Further, certain processing activities are conducted in Israel, or other countries. CHILDREN
Our App and Services are intended for general audience and is not directed to persons under 13 years old. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
The App and the Apps Services do not respond to Do Not Track signals. In the event that we made any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to provide you with notification with respect to such changes, if we are required to do so by applicable law.