top of pagePRIVACY POLICYRap Tech Studios Ltd (Rap Tech, we, us or our) is a company registered in the United Kingdom, with its registered address at 85 Great Portland Street, London W1W 7LT. We are a data controller and are responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal data (which has the meanings as set out in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (the Data Protection Laws)). Please read the following information carefully. When you visit our Platform, you may provide us with the following types of personal data:
Contact Data: This may include your name and your email address. Cookie Data: Cookies are small files which are downloaded to your device when accessing our platform. Please refer to paragraph 4 below for further details about our use of cookies. When you purchase a subscription or any in-app content, you provide our payment processor with your payment information. However, we do not store such information on our servers. The legal basis for such processing is for the performance of the contract between you and us. The legal basis for such processing is your and our legitimate interests. We use your User Content to:
enable you to use our Platform and services. Additionally, Session Data is used to identify and respond to potential risks to the security of our Platform (for example spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping and other actions which may violate our Terms of Use found here). To show personalised advertisements (more relevant advertisements instead of random advertisements, the amount remaining the same in both cases) in the Platform as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Platform and your online behaviour
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Platform
For information on how to opt-out from personalised advertisements, see section Accessing Your Personal Data and Your Rights below. The period for which we may retain your personal data will depend on the type of personal data collected, the purposes for which it was collected, applicable limitation periods for the exercise of legal rights and whether any legal or regulatory obligations require the retention of the personal data. Our Platform uses the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Platform. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to load webpages. These are used to recognise you when you return to our Platform. Every iOS and Google Android device has a unique Tracking ID, for iOS devices, called an Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and for Android devices, called a Google Advertising ID (AAID). You may block cookies by updating the relevant settings on your device or browser to allow you to refuse the setting of some or all types of cookies. We may need to share your personal data with selected third parties in the following circumstances:
Group companies: We are an international organisation, with businesses both inside and outside of the UK. Third party service providers for marketing purposes: Where applicable, certain personal data may be shared with third party service providers we use to help us carry out marketing including, for example, third party marketing automation platforms. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. Prospective buyers or sellers: If Rap Tech Studios Ltd, or its owners, buys or sells any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets. In the case of these extra-UK transfers, where the transfers are not to countries that provide an adequate level of protection, we will put in place appropriate safeguards to cover transfers of personal data including, for example, signing standard contractual clauses, relying on a Privacy Shield certification and/or approved data protection clauses. If you follow a link to a third-party website, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. SECURITY
We take data security seriously. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data. ACCOUNT DELETION
Open Rap Fame app
Sign-in
Go to Settings -> Privacy Center
Select the "Delete Account" menu option. Accout DeletionHOMEAbout Rap TechUsed by over 10 million rappers, Rap Tech Studios are a leading rap app development company who specialize in combining our passion for hip hop with the latest advances in music technology.