PERFECT PIANO PRIVACY POLICYLast updated February 20, 2020Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Revontulet Soft Inc, doing business as Revontulet (Revontulet, we, us, or our). This privacy noticeapplies to all information collected through our
mobile application Perfect Piano,("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy noticeas the "Services").Please read this privacy noticecarefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?1. Information collected through our AppsIn Short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location, push notifications, when you use our apps. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.3. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Our Apps offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy noticeor that are otherwise made clear to you on the Apps. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?In Short:We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short:We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?In Short:We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependents use of the Apps. In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal. If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at contact@revontuletsoft.com. Account InformationIf you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:   Contact us using the contact information provided. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?In Short:Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. The updated version will be indicated by an updated Revised date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. We will respond to your request within 30 days.