Voice Recorder
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
For purposes of these Terms, "Smart Mobi Tools", "we" or "us" refers to to company Smart Mobi Tools - Jakub Bartu registred in Poland with tax id 5492449888, Application, "Service", "App" refers to Voice Recorder application (VR) and dedicated services as vrecorder.com and smartmobitools.com. BY INSTALLING, USING OR ACCESSING THE APPLICATION, YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE POLICY WITHOUT QUALIFICATION. Information we collect from you
Remote Recordings allows you to input, upload, or store in the our service any audio recording, text and other data that you choosewe refer to that information as Content. Some services require or allow you to create an account before you can access them. As part of registering for an account, we may collect information such as your name, username, email address and avatar photo. You may choose to provide us with information when you communicate with us (e.g. via email, phone, or chat for support or to inquire about our services), including when you fill out an online form, respond to surveys, provide feedback, post comments to our website, participate in promotions, or submit information through our services. We collect information about how you interact with our services, but none of this information identifies you personally. For example, we may collect device identifiers, browser types, device types and settings, operating system versions, mobile, wireless, and other network information (such as internet service provider name, carrier name and signal strength), and application version numbers. Diagnostic informations
Cookies: Our website uses cookies to distinguish You from other users of our website. This helps us to provide You with a good experience when You browse our website and also allows Us to improve our site. A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. We may expand our use of cookies to save additional data as new features are added to our Services. However, you can disable cookies by changing your browser settings. Who we share information with
Other users -
who will see any other information you choose to share with them through the Services. Cloud service - providers who we rely on for data storage, including Google Cloud who are based in the U.S.
Analytics providers - We collect certain information using Google Firebase Analytics and Google Analytics to help us understand how our users use the Application, but none of this information identifies you personally. Additionally, you may share data between the Device and other devices via Bluetooth. For more information about use of Google Firebase Analytics, please see the Third Party Advertisements section below. Third-Party Advertisements
Where you have downloaded Voice Recorder, the Application uses Google, a third party vendor, to serve advertisements in the Application, using the AdMob system (see http://www.google.com/ads/admob/) and Meta Audience Network (see https://www.facebook.com/audiencenetwork/). However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures. Children
Our Services are not targeted at children, and we do not knowingly collect Information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that a child has provided us with Information in violation of this Policy, please contact us as indicated below. Android Permissions
The following is a complete listing and description of what functions on the Device are accessed and / or modified by the Application. By default, the function is disabled, it can be enabled in the application settings. Photos/Media/Files STORAGE ACCESS -- Allows the Application to save recordings on public internal storage. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact
Please contact us at https://smartmobitools.com/contact and we will endeavour to deal with your complaint as soon as possible.