PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated August 5th, 2022
Supplemental Privacy Notice For Nevada Residents
Supplemental Privacy Notice For California Residents
Aktis, Inc. (we or us or our) respects the privacy of our users (user or you). Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Platform, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. The information we may collect on the Platform includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Platform, such as registration, user feedback, giveaways, surveys, and reviews. For a better experience while using the Platform we collect information about the devices where you install or access the Platform, depending on the permissions you have granted which may include, but are not limited to, operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, device identifiers, advertisement identifiers, connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language and time zone. To access some features of the Platform, you may be required to connect to a third-party account within the Platform (i.e., Google, Facebook, Apple, Twitter). Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and privacy risk reduction. To review the Apple privacy policy, visit https://www.apple.com/privacy/. We partner with Jamendo to provide access to licensed materials. We partner with Hearthis.at to bring you services on the Platform. We also integrate the Dropbox API to give you access to your cloud storage account. Third-Party Advertisers
We use a third party advertising company to serve ads when you visit the Platform. This company may use information about your visits to the Platform and other websites that are contained in web cookies to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law. Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline to honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whomyoushare personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You may not decline web beacons; however, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browsers settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. You are encouraged to review their privacy policies and contact them directly for responses to your questions. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor, opt-out at the Network Advertising Initiative, or reviewDigital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool. These partners are used to help make Platform more appealing. Once you have used these links to leave the Platform, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. In addition, we offer transparency and access controls to help users take advantage of those rights. Please use playlists export/import features from now on. Apple security settings instructions:
https://appleid.apple.com/account/manage
Click "Sign in"
Select "Sign in with Apple"
Select "XC free music downloader"
Click "Stop using Sign in with Apple"
Google security settings instructions:
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
Scroll to the section "Signing in with Google"
Select "Music Downloader & Player"
Click "Remove Access"
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Platform. We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the Shine The Light law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have provided your personal information with the Platform, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Platform. CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [emailprotected]. OTHER DISCLOSURES AND POLICIES
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use