Skip to main content
Get TouchTunes
Operators
Bars & Restaurants
Workplaces
National Chains
Jukeboxes
Experience TouchTunes
Jukeboxes, reimagined. TouchTunes App
Your favorite song, from your seat. Partner with Us
Music Partners
Advertising
Careers
Work at TouchTunes
About
Our Story
Contact Us
Press
Insights
Resources
Tempo US
Tempo Canada
TouchTunes Online Store
Mobile App Help
Download app
Get TouchTunes
Operators
Bars & Restaurants
Workplaces
National Chains
Jukeboxes
Experience TouchTunes
Jukeboxes, reimagined. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by posting the updated policy on the Services; the Last Updated legend above indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
When you access or use our Services or transact business with us, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Usage Information:We collect information about your use of the Services, such as the search terms you enter, products and pages viewed and selected, etc. Location Information: We may derive the approximate location of your device from your IP address. You have the ability to stop the collection of precise location information at any time (seeYour Choicesbelow for details), but note that location services must be enabled and you must share your location with us in order to use a jukebox. Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources. A general overview of the TouchTunes Unlimited service can be found at https://www.touchtunes.com/get-touchtunes/workplaces. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by TouchTunes and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from TouchTunes by following the instructions in those messages. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. Sale of Personal Information: California law requires that we provide transparency about, and allow consumers to opt out of, any sales of their personal information which for the purposes of the CCPA broadly means scenarios in which TouchTunes has shared personal information with third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. Although TouchTunes previously sold certain personal information, we no longer sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. Jukebox credits may be used to play songs on any mobile-enabled TouchTunes jukebox within the country in which they were earned. Management and staff at TouchTunes venues can opt-in to the Bar Rewards Loyalty Program by providing identifiers, including name, phone number, and email address, when they follow the sign-up process at https://www.touchtunes.com/barrewards. Play Next tokens allow users to skip the song queue and play their song choice next. Users may opt-out or withdraw from the program at any point by contacting support through the app or by emailing us at mobileconsumersupport@touchtunes.com. Your use of each third-party website is subject to the privacy policy and terms and conditions of such third party, and not this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time to the collection, use, disclosure, or transfer of your personal information by contacting TouchTunes at general@touchtunes.com. If you are able to establish that the information is not accurate or complete, TouchTunes will take reasonable steps to delete and/or correct the information so that it is accurate, complete, and up-to-date. In order to facilitate a request to correct or update information, TouchTunes may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your identity. Your consent to receive CEMs is implied where we have an existing business relationship with you, or you have reached out to us and made an inquiry within a certain time frame. Scan to download
Viewing this on your phone?