SoundCloud
JavaScript is disabled
You need to enable JavaScript to use SoundCloud
Show me how to enable it
SoundCloud Privacy Policy
Welcome to SoundCloud, a service provided by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG and its affiliates, including SoundCloud, Inc. and Repost Network Inc. (hereinafter SoundCloud). This personal data is necessary for the adequate performance of the platform, to meet the requirements of the contract present between you and us and to comply with our obligations thereunder. SoundCloud Direct - In the event you use the services of SoundCloud Direct, you must provide your real name, payment information and personal data necessary to operate and maintain your monetization and/or distribution with SoundCloud Direct (e.g. content identification information such ISRC codes). That personal data includes, among other things: details about how youve used the Platform (including links to third party sites or services), Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, your browser type and operating system, device information, device event information (e.g., crashes, browser type), and the page youve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Platform. Through the integrated plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook profile or are not currently logged in to Facebook. Apart from connecting your Facebook account with your SoundCloud account for the purposes of registration and signing in, you may provide, based on your free choice (i.e. with your expressed consent) further personal data from your Facebook profile with Facebook Connect to enrich your use and enjoyment of our Platform. This includes your Google email address, birthdate (optional), gender (optional), and avatar (optional). Apple IDs - We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (IDFA). Cross App Tracking on Apple Devices - Starting with iOS 14.5, iPadOS 14.5, and tvOS 14.5, we will need to receive your permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework to access and track you through your devices advertising identifier (see above IDFA). We will get a verification including information on the respective payment method and your name as well as other non-personally identifiable payment information (for example the expiry date of a credit card) as well as information hashed by the respective payment provider (for example a hashed credit card number). We use your personal data to:
Provide, Improve, and Develop the Platform - We process your personal data primarily for the adequate performance of our contract with you (e.g. Terms of Use). To help us select which ads to show you on behalf of advertisers, as ads are more effective when they are shown to people who are likely to be interested in the product or service advertised. To collect certain personal data such as cookie data and device information, if we engage with third party services such as ad-networks and exchanges that enable us to show you targeted ads. That personal data is used to sync or match users to segments and serve targeted advertising, based on device activity, inferred interests, and general location information. There is no obligation to participate in our studies. Through Your Profile  Any personal data in your public profile (other than your email address) will be accessible by other users of the Platform, who may view your profile information, listen to and comment on any of your public Tracks, add themselves to your list of followers, and send you messages. We share personal data with rightsholders that license Tracks to us to help them understand how the Tracks that they provide are performing, including insights about general or individual user listening trends and preferences; this can possibly include your public profile details as well as basic usage data (for example interactions with Tracks). For information on how to control the personal data that you share, and how to disconnect your account from these apps, please see the Your Choices and Controls section below. Protecting our Rights  We may disclose your personal data if we feel it is necessary in order to protect or defend our legitimate rights and interests, or those of our users, employees, directors, officers, or shareholders, and/or to ensure the safety and security of the Platform and/or the SoundCloud community. You will find information regarding the use of cookies from specific third parties when making the choice of cookies you want to allow within our cookie consent tool. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from any person who is under the age of 16 or 13, as the case may be, or allow them to register an account. For our EU/EEA based users, we would like to point out that your personal data may also be processed outside of the EU or the EEA. If you get asked to grant your consent to the respective providers to process your personal data as a user, your consent is the legal basis for this processing. For Europe: Snap Group Limited, 77 Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W1D 5DU, United Kingdom
Privacy Notice
Opt-Out and Advertising Settings
Twitch - (Jointly) Twitch Interactive, Inc., 225 Bush Street, 6th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
Privacy Notice
Security
Your Choices and Controls
We do our best to give you as much choice as possible regarding the amount of personal data you provide to us, and the control you have over that personal data. Managing Device Settings
On your mobile device, disable the Allow Apps to Request to Track setting in your iOS phones settings, or enable the setting to Opt out of Ads Personalization in your Android phones settings. If you have an account, you can also delete your account through the Settings at any time as described below. Afterwards, we delete the personal data immediately, unless we need the personal data until the expiry of the statutory period of limitation for the purpose of providing evidence for civil law claims or because of statutory storage obligations (e.g. for accounting reasons). Objection to Processing - You have the right to object to processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time (in particular, where we dont have to process the personal data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests). As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable, proof concerning your status as an authorized agent, which also may include:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;
Proof of a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121-4130. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated to registered users by a notification to their account and/or by posting a notice of the change on the Website.