We're sorry but trebel-website doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. ENGLISHESPAOLDownloadBrandsOur StoryContact UsEnEsTREBEL PRIVACY POLICYEffective as of January 1, 2020 This privacy policy governs your use of the software application TREBEL MUSIC (Application) for mobile devices that was created by M&M Media, Inc. TREBEL MUSIC is a mobile music application that allows users to search, preview, and download music for consumption on the mobile device. Table of ContentsUser Provided InformationAutomatically Collected InformationDoes the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?Automatic Data Collection and AdvertisingWhat are my opt-out rights?Data Retention Policy, Managing Your InformationChildrenSecurityYour ConsentContact usAdditional California Privacy Disclosures1. User Provided Information The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Data collected from depth and facial mapping tools are not used for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes, and are not permanently stored or shared with third parties. When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order todetermine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements and places to check-in to. We will not share your current location with other users or partners, for purposes other than delivering relevant advertising. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free or low. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications youve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If youd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at [emailprotected] and we will respond in a reasonable time frame. Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [emailprotected]. We provide electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. Processing, means using cookies on a computer/ hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information. Contact us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at [emailprotected].13. Personal Information Collected and Processed The Privacy Policy above sets forth the categories of personal information that TREBEL collects and processes about you, a description of each category, and the sources from which we obtain each category. Requests to Exercise Your Rights Right to know request. Under the CCPA, you have a right to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information over the prior 12 months, and ask that we provide you with the following information:
Categories of and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Categories of third parties with which we share personal information. We currently do not collect household data. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. It does not necessarily mean money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information. We have taken substantial steps to identify whether any of our data sharing arrangements would constitute a sale under the CCPA.