Note: If you access and/or submit personal information to Sirius XM through the Careers link found on our websites, see the section entitled Personal Information of Employment Candidates for additional notices. We consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual to be personal information (such as your name, phone number, e-mail address), and we treat additional information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as personal information where required by applicable law. We may infer information about you based on other information we have collected and supplement the information we have associated to you and your account, to better personalize the Services and our communication with you and to provide you with more relevant offers and ads. SiriusXM satellite-only radios are not Enabled Radios and cannot transmit usage or other information from the radio or the vehicle. If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your privacy settings on your device, some features of a Service may not function as well. Software Development Kits (SDKs) - SDKs are a software package that contains a set of tools that can be used to help build applications and implement new features in existing apps. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect Usage Information and similar information for security and fraud detection purposes. Company is not responsible for, and will assume no liability, if a third party collects, uses, or shares any information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws, rules, or agreements. Opt-out requests received via these channels may take up to 15 business days to process. California residents, please see section below titled NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS for additional information. We may share information, typically information that has been pseudonymized or de-identified (including hashed email addresses), Usage Information, and general location information with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads on and off the Services. You can make changes to which categories of cookies we use (with the exception of strictly necessary cookies) by launching the Cookie Settings from the footer of our web pages. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register their intent not to receive targeted advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Please contact your vehicle manufacturer or dealer directly for more information. THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WEBSITES & DEVICES
In certain instances, the Services may be associated with or direct subscribers to content that is served by another party or links to third party content or web sites that Company does not control, such as resellers of the Services or radios used to deliver the Services, third party promotional services accepted by you as a benefit of your SiriusXM subscription, or sponsors or other third party businesses that may display our logo as part of a co-branded business relationship. RETENTION
We will retain your personal information during the time you have an account, maintain a listener profile with us or continue to use the Services, and for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy; to support and provide you access to the Services; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; resolve disputes and enforce our Customer Agreement and Website Terms; and comply with legal, financial and regulatory requirements. We may collect information associated with an Internet-enabled Device in order to limit territorial distribution of our services but do not associate such information with a device owner or residency of any particular country. We will notify you of material changes by posting the changed or modified Privacy Policy on the Services and will otherwise notify you as required by applicable law. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER STATE LAWS
Notice to California Residents
Your Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA): If you are a resident of California, please review the Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights, which sets forth certain information about your California privacy rights and additional information about the personal information we collect and share. If you do not become employed by Company as a result of the application process for which the personal information was originally submitted, your information may be retained solely for the purpose of consideration for future open positions or as required to defend and support Sirius XMs legal rights and obligations, to the extent permitted under law. Nota: si usted accede y/o enva informacin personal a Sirius XM a travs del enlace Carreras que se encuentra en nuestros sitios web, consulte la seccin titulada Informacin Personal de los Candidatos a Empleo para obtener avisos adicionales. Cuando usted interacta con las Redes Sociales a travs de los Servicios, podemos recibir informacin sobre usted de ese servicio de Redes Sociales y ellos pueden configurar sus propias cookies y recopilar informacin sobre su uso de los Servicios, incluyendo su direccin IP u otro Identificador de Dispositivo y qu pgina usted est visitando en un Servicio. Residentes de California, consulten la seccin titulada AVISO PARA LOS RESIDENTES DE CALIFORNIA para obtener informacin adicional. Nosotros podemos compartir informacin, usualmente informacin que ha sido seudonimizada o anonimizada (incluyendo direcciones de correo electrnico codificadas), Informacin de Uso e informacin general de ubicacin con empresas de publicidad de terceros, proveedores de anlisis y otros terceros con el fin de brindarle anuncios ms relevantes dentro y fuera de los Servicios. Tiene los siguientes mtodos para elegir la recopilacin de datos por parte de estos terceros publicitarios o analticos a travs de los Servicios:
Cuando usted selecciona el modo "Incgnito" en las aplicaciones mviles para la transmisin, continuaremos recopilando su Informacin de Uso relacionada con las interacciones para su experiencia con la aplicacin; pero no lo utilizaremos para nuestros fines de mercadeo y no lo compartiremos con terceros para fines de mercadeo. Control de privacidad global- el Control de Privacidad Global ("GPC") es una especificacin tcnica en la configuracin de su navegador que puede usar para informar automticamente a los sitios web sobre sus preferencias de privacidad con respecto al rastreo en lnea de terceros. Tenga en cuenta que, incluso si nos dice que no desea recibir nuestro correo de mercadeo, continuaremos envindole comunicaciones transaccionales relacionadas con su suscripcin, cuenta o uso de los Servicios, como renovaciones, anuncios administrativos y de servicios. CONTENIDO DE TERCROS, DE SITIOS WEB Y DE DISPOSITIVOS
En ciertos casos, los Servicios pueden estar asociados con o suscriptores directos a contenido que es servido por otra parte o enlaces a contenido de terceros o sitios web que la Compaa no controla, como revendedores de los Servicios o radios utilizados para brindar los Servicios. Su uso continuo de cualquiera de los Servicios despus de la fecha de vigencia de la Poltica de Privacidad revisada constituir su consentimiento a dichos cambios en la mayor medida permitida por la ley aplicable. Para deshabilitar el uso compartido en lnea a travs de cookies establecidas por terceros que pueden considerarse publicidad dirigida segn la VCDPA, inicie la Configuracin de Cookies desde el pie de pgina de nuestras pginas web.