Privacy Policy
BEGAMOB Studio built DYGO Team to specialize in making free mobile apps. This SERVICE is provided free of charge by BEGAMOB Studio and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible apps of DYGO Team unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. What Are the Important Permissions We Request? You may choose to opt-out anytime, but please note that not giving us these permissions can result in malfunctioning of our app. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2021-06-09
THIRD PARTY POLICY
1. Google Policy
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice/
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@begamob.com