Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationEasy Voice Recorder & MemosPrivacy PolicyLast updated: August 12, 2022 Easy Voice Recorder & Memos(hereinafter as " Easy Voice Recorder & Memos", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. By using our websites and applications, you consent to the policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this policy. This policy applies only to information we collect in our App and in e-mail, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with our App. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. C. The photos you submit on Easy Voice Recorder & MemosWe encourage everyone to avoid sending any pictures that may be used to identify themselves in the photos that you upload. Please do not send any photos of yourself that would allow others to identify you. We only want photos of Easy Voice Recorder & Memos. Any use of photos with your likeness is subject to the terms of our Terms of Use. We only use the photos for recognizing and machine learning. 2.How we use collected information We only use the information you directly and voluntarily provide to us to accept and respond to your feedback. We may use the information automatically collected when you use Easy Voice Recorder & Memosfor any purpose as below:A.To personalize our services. We may use your information to measure the performance of our application and ensure our services are working as intended, such as troubleshooting issues reported from you;C.To help develop our app and service. 3.Permissions used by Easy Voice Recorder & MemosA.MicrophoneThis permission allows Easy Voice Recorder & Memosto recording. We use this permission to record your translations when you need voice input, to identify and convert them into text. A.Read the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Easy Voice Recorder & Memosto read the contents of your memory card. 4.How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.5.Advertising and analytic services provided by othersWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. You may find more details about our partners in links below:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. We stipulate that you must be at least 13 years old (16 for EU residents) to use our app. In addition, some functions of the application may be limited for users under the age of 18.7.Your data rightsYou have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. "9.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse