Privacy Policy
We Updated Our Privacy Policy
We are committed to protect your privacy. In particular, the policy clarifies and provides additional information about:
How we collect, hold, use and divulge your personal data. How personal data can be shared outside the European Economic Area (EEA). In addition to the Privacy Policy update we have also improved the technical and organizational security measures we have in place to protect your personal data in accordance with the new GDPR requirements. WHAT INFORMATION DOES STINGRAY COLLECT, HOLD, USE AND DIVULGE? Depending on your use of the Stingray Services, Stingray may collect, hold, use and divulge the information that you knowingly choose to disclose and enter on any of the Stingray Services or that you otherwise give to Stingray and that can be used to identify you, such as your name, contact information, your e-mail address, location, information about your postal address, social media accounts and information about your age, your demographic information, mobile and/or computer device (collectively, the Information). You may contact Stingray as set forth in the Section Contact Stingray about Privacy to address any issue thereof. WHEN AND HOW DOES STINGRAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES? THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND PLATFORMS
The Stingray Services may contain links to other websites, applications or platforms. The use of such information that you choose to post or share will be governed by the privacy policies of such third parties. You can also turn off Sharing by toggling the Sharing button to off. Stingray does not share personal information with the YouTube API. YouTube Terms of Service: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms/
Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
For the avoidance of doubt, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any use by any third party of the information and/or Content that you decide to post or share, for yourself or the children under the age of 13, on any journals, blogs, message boards, classifieds or any other form of social media platform or public forum using a functionality offered on the Stingray Services. HOW LONG WILL STINGRAY KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? Stingray does not knowingly collect, hold, use or divulge any Information from children under the age of 13, unless a parent or legal guardian has consented to it. SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Stingray takes appropriate precautions to protect your Information. USE OF COOKIES AND AUTHENTICATION TOKENS
Stingray stores certain Information using cookies and/or authentication tokens. A cookie or an authentication token is a piece of data stored on the users computer or other Internet-connected devices tied to information about the user. Stingray also uses cookies to understand traffic patterns on the Stingray Services, to authorize access to certain premium or trial content and product features, to target advertising and/or to push notifications. Cookies can be managed and/or disabled through your browsers cookie settings. Updated notices may be used to alert users to recent changes and to the date of the last update, but the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Stingray Services shall be considered sufficient notice to you. Unless stated otherwise, Stingrays current Privacy Policy applies to all Information that Stingray has about you. You may file a complaint with a competent authority at any time if you believe that Stingray is not processing your Information in a manner that is compliant with this Privacy Policy or with the applicable laws. STORAGE AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
By using the Stingray Services, you are consenting to have your Information transferred to and processed in Canada, the United States and/or the United Kingdom. The European Commission has recognized Canada and the United States (limited to the Privacy Shield framework) as providing adequate protection to personal data. As a result, Stingray may transfer your Information from the European Economic Area (EEA) to these countries without any further safeguard being necessary. LANGUAGE
It is the express wish of the parties that this document and all related documents, including notices and other communications, be drawn up in the English language only. Es el deseo expreso de las partes que este documento y todos los documentos relacionados, incluidos los avisos y otras comunicaciones, se redacten nicamente en ingls. Es ist der ausdrckliche Wunsch der Parteien, dass dieses Dokument und alle zugehrigen Dokumente, einschlielich Mitteilungen und sonstige Benachrichtigungen, nur in englischer Sprache verfasst werden. 2023 Yokee Music LTD
Karaoke
Piano
Contact
Help Center
Terms of Service
Manage your Web or TV app subscription
Privacy Policy