Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationFunny Voice Changer Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyLast updated: August22, 2022Voice Changer(hereinafter as " Voice Changer ", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. By using our websites and applications, you consent to the policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this policy. This policy applies only to information we collect in our App and in e-mail, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with our App. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE & SERVICES.1. What information we collectA. Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIf you are a user of Voice Changer, we may collect information that you provide to us. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. We will collect information including, but not limited to: your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and installed apps, the time and date of your login, the time spent on our applications and other statistics.1. We may use the information automatically collected when you use Voice Changer for any purpose as below:A. To personalize our services. We may use your information to measure the performance of our application and ensure our services are working as intended, such as troubleshooting issues reported from you;C. To help develop our app and service. Permissions used by Voice ChangerA. Read the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Voice Changer to read the sounds, MP3 of your memory card. C.Voice Recording of MicrophoneThis permission allows Voice Changer to record the sounds and then to change to change the sounds.1. How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect personal information, and we use a variety of security measures to protect your non-personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Advertising and analytic services provided by othersWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.1. Children' s policyWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If you are a parent or guardian being aware that your child has provided us with information without his or her consent, you should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.1. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. To exercise this right please contact us by email at: newearstudio@gmail.com .1. California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please reference your request as "California Disclosure Information. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. Contact UsIf you have any question or comments about this policy, please send email to: newearstudio@gmail.com Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse