Privacy Policy
Last updated:
30th December, 2022
We, Muso Player, understand that our users care about how their personal information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can review, update, manage, export, and delete your information. You understand and consent that we may provide and share the information to our partners, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience, but we never disclose information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. For greater certainty, whenever you interact with our website or apps, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. Cookies are identifiers we transfer to your mobile device that allow us to recognize your device and tell us how and when the Services are visited and by how many people. For example, this may include the interaction of your devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request and your connection between your phone and your computer.3. Muso Player does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from children under the applicable age in your country or knowingly allow such persons to register unless it is upon the specific and highlighted consent of at least one of the parents or the legal representatives of the child. Our Services will not collect the following information without your specific consent or satisfying the preconditions required by applicable laws:
Your or your friends phone numbersAny of the content of your text messages, either sent or receivedYour music, photos, video, or any contents you download via our ServicesYour sensitive personal data concerning racial or ethnic origin, religious belief,
political opinion, trade union or religious, philosophical or political organization membership, data concerning health or sex life, genetic or biometric data, when related to a natural person. We will generally retain information for as long as required, allowed or for as long as we believe it useful. We do not purport to have listed all possible disclosures that we might make. This policy is not a promise that your information will never be disclosed except as described above. WHY DOES MUSO PLAYER COLLECT INFORMATION? We use your information to deliver our Services, and to ensure our Services are working stable, faster and better. Provide Personalized Services/Advertising. You can control the personalized advertising within the ad setting section in your device. We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes, such as automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. You have the right to obtain the following from the controller, namely the Company, regarding your information being processed by the controller, at any time and by means of express request of you or your legally constituted representative to the processing agent, to the extent allowed by applicable laws:
Confirmation of the existence of the processing. Correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data. You can at any time expressly request us to anonymize, block or delete certain information which you believe is unnecessary or excessive for data processing and is not in compliance with applicable laws through email. You can choose to delete your personal information by emailing us unless the use and/or disclosure of the information is for purposes of a) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation by the controller; b) transfer to third parties; or c) exclusive use of the controller, with access by third parties being prohibited, and provided the data has been anonymized. You are entitled to know information about either public or private entities with which we have shared data by emailing us. Information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial. We provide various means for such revocation, e.g. through emails or privacy settings in the applications or your devices. We reserve the rights to provide information to our affiliates and other trusted partners to process it for us, under our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other applicable laws. To provide better and personalized services for you, you understand and agree that we may share necessary information through SDK or other insertion tools with certain third parties, including without limitation, YouTube API Services, Google Admob, Facebook, Vungle and Pangle. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. We keep detecting and automatically blocking security threats from ever reaching you. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and update it if it is necessary to make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it as well as applicable laws.