EDJINGPRIVACY POLICY&TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEPlease find hereunder the Privacy Policy regarding edjing mix followed by the Terms and Conditions of Use of edjing mix. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on information technology, data files and liberties, in its current version (hereinafter the Applicable Regulations).Please note that MWM can amend this privacy policy at any time, in full or in part. What Personal Data Do We Collect And What For? MWM processes your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal bases set out below. Personal Data collected when you register on the AppWhen you register on the App, you must provide a certain amount of information, particularly your username, email and password. You may also add a profile picture to your profile. You can also decide to sign up with Apple, using your Apple ID, or with Facebook which will transmit to MWM the public information on your Facebook profile: name, surname, profile picture, and if you chose to share it or if authorized in your Facebook settings, your email address. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you. You are informed that MWM also uses your email address to send you service messages, and information relating to the App (e.g. contents created by the community, tutorials, new features etc.), Please read our Terms of Use for more details on the visitor access and features: http://edjing.com/public/files/tos/edjing.Personal Data collected when you subscribeYou can also subscribe to the App or make in-app purchases. What is a cookie?A cookie is a small text file sent to your browser by the website you visit or app you download, and stored on your device. What cookies are installed through our website?You are informed that on our website, we only install cookies strictly necessary to manage your connection, allowing in particular to keep your session open. You can also communicate instructions about the fate of your Personal Data in the event of your death. IF YOU DONT AGREE WITH THESE CONDITIONS, THEN PLEASE DONT USE THE EDJING MOBILE APPLICATION.You can consult these Terms of Use at any time under the heading Terms of Use on our website: http://edjing.com/public/files/tos/edjing.Description of the edjing Mix serviceThe App is a djing and mixing tool, that enables you to mix tracks and sounds provided by yourself, or based on MWM Content or Third Party Content distributed through Third Party Platforms to whom the User may access if subscribed. The subscriptions we offer are renewed tacitly monthly or yearly, depending on the subscription you have chosen. If you wish to cancel your subscription, you must do it through Apple, Google or on our website at least 24 hours before the next invoicing date (see in particular: https://support.apple.com/HT202039). Minimum age To register on the App and / or use the Services:if you reside in the European Union: you must be at least 16 years old at the time of registration, or the minimum age required in your country (15 years old in France);if you reside outside of the European Union: you must be at least 13 years old at the time of registration, or the minimum age required in your country. License of use granted to other UsersYou acknowledge that by sharing your User Content and its sources, you authorize other Users to publish, adapt, modify, and create derivative works based on your User Content, or to download it and use it for their own private and non-commercial use. In this respect, no User may use your User Content, or any of their User Content which is based on your User Content, for any commercial use without your prior written consent. MWM grants you, free of charge, and for the duration of your User Account, the personal and non-exclusive right to access and use, publish, adapt, modify and create derivative works based on the MWM Content, exclusively within the App or to download it and use it for your own private and non-commercial use. Payment of potential and/or additional third party costs, and in particular of roaming charges, in the event of use of the Services outside of the country where the User is established, invoiced by the Users network operator are payable in full by the User. Any fraudulent access or remaining within such system is forbidden and sanctioned by law. Therefore, you undertake not to disturb the functioning of this automatic data processing system, and in particular not to introduce any virus, nor to damage, illegally access, or modify, the data stored on the App. As such, you are hereby informed that these Terms of Use do not entail any assignment of intellectual property rights attached to the App or to the Protected Elements in your favour. As such, the use, reproduction, transmission, marketing or creation of derivative works based on the Protected Elements without the prior written agreement of MWM is strictly prohibited and punishable as copyright infringement. MWM shall not be held liable in relation to any bug or damages relating to the use of the Internet network, such as service breakdowns, external intrusions, or in the presence of IT viruses, or security breaches that may cause damages to your IT equipment or data. Your request will be processed within the best delays. Deleting your User Account will entail the permanent deletion of your User Content and personal data, subject to MWMs legal obligations. TerminationIf you fail to comply with these Terms of Use, MWM reserves the right to suspend your access to the App without notice by closing your User Account, temporarily or permanently, without prejudice to any compensation for damages that MWM is entitled to claim. If one or more of the provisions of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid or declared as such in application of a law or regulation, or following a final decision made by a competent court, the other provisions shall retain their full force and scope.