Xiaomi Privacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy was updated on January 15, 2021.Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. If a Xiaomi product provides a separate privacy policy, the separate privacy policy will receive priority application, while anything that is not specifically covered shall be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. For example, IMEI number/OAID number, GAID number, IMSI number, MAC address, serial number, MIUI version and type, ROM version, Android version, Android ID, Space ID, SIM card operator and its location area, screen display information, device keypad information, device manufacturer details and model name, device activation time, network operator, connection type, basic hardware information, sales channel and usage information (such as CPU, storage, battery usage, screen resolution and device temperature, camera lens model, times of screen brightened and times of screen unlocked). Here are some examples of information that we collect and how we may use it in a non-personally identifiable aggregated format: We may include statistical data generated when you use a specific service (e.g. non-identifiable device related information, daily usage events, page access events, page access time events and session events); Network monitoring data (e.g. request time, number of request or error request etc.); Creating and maintaining your Mi Account. A list of purchased items is used for printing an invoice and enables the customer to see which items are in the parcel. If your phone is lost or stolen, Xiaomi's Find device feature can help you find and secure your phone. Recording location information in photos. In the course of using MIUI services, location information may also be used by us or third party service providers and business partners (for more information see "How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information" below) to serve you the service and provide accurate details about that location for the best possible user experience, e.g. weather details, location access (as part of the Android platform). We may use your personal information for the purpose of sending you push messages (whether by messaging within our services, by email or by other means) that offer or advertise our products and services and/or the products and services of selected third parties. This is only done with your consent, where required under applicable laws. In order to follow up on the feedback you have chosen to provide, Xiaomi may correspond with you using the personal information that you have provided and keep records of this correspondence for problem solving and service improvement. Furthermore, in order to improve your experience and our services, while complying with relevant laws and regulations and (where required) with your consent, we may sort out information from different products, services or equipment from you or related to you to form a label, to provide suggestions, customized content, and personalized features. You have the right to opt-out from receiving personalized advertisements and to object to profiling, including that carried out for direct marketing purposes, at any time. In order to exercise these rights, you can turn it on or off at any time in the Settings (Settings > Passwords & security > Privacy > Ad services or Settings > Passwords & security > System security > Ad services), or you can contact us via https://privacy.mi.com/support, or refer to the control mechanisms described in the separate privacy policy for each product. Our third party service providers and business partners may use advertising cookies to collect information about your online activities and interests and provide you with advertisements that correlate most highly to your profile and interests. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.3 How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information3.1 SharingWe do not sell any personal information to third parties. For example, when you use the Mi Account to sign in to a third-party website or app.3.1.2 Sharing information with our groupIn order to successfully conduct business operations and to provide you with all the functions of our products or services, we may share your personal information from time to time to other Xiaomi affiliates.3.1.3 Sharing with our group's ecosystem companiesXiaomi works together with a group of companies forming the Mi Ecosystem. We use the information we have to help advertisers and other business partners evaluate the effectiveness and coverage of their advertising and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services. In order to enforce our terms or protect our business, rights, assets or products, or to protect users, or if the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the following purposes (detecting, preventing and resolving fraud, unauthorized use of the product, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activities), we may also disclose information about you. ( At any time you can revoke your permissions by turning them off at the device level or by contacting us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.4.4 Retention policyWe retain personal information for the period necessary for the purpose of the information collection described in this Privacy Policy or any separate privacy policy provided for a specific product or service, or as required by applicable laws. For additional information, please contact us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.It will help us to process your request most efficiently if it meets the following conditions:(1) The request is submitted through Xiaomi's exclusive request channel detailed above and for the protection of your information security, your request should be in writing (unless the local law explicitly recognizes the oral request);(2) You provide sufficient information to enable Xiaomi to verify your identity and ensure that you are the data subject or legally authorized to act on the data subject's behalf. We shall consider the grounds regarding your erasure request and take reasonable steps, including technical measures. You have the right to apply for your personal information in a structured, commonly used format and transmit the information to another data controller (data portability).We have the right to refuse to process requests or only comply in part with requests where an exemption applies or we are otherwise entitled to do so under applicable laws, such as if the request is manifestly unfounded or manifestly excessive or it would require the disclosure of information about third parties. In some circumstances, we may charge a fee, where permitted under applicable laws. We will process your request within a reasonable time from when the request was made, and thereafter not collect, use and/or disclose your personal information as per your request. Cancellation may be prevented or delayed in certain circumstances. For the purposes described in the Privacy Policy, your information may be transferred to these data centers in accordance with applicable law. The following are the examples of when third party terms and privacy policies may apply when you use the specific products listed above:When you use a third party check-out service provider to finalize and pay for your order, the personal information that you provide during check out is handled in accordance with the third party's privacy policy. We have more clearly set out how we use non-personally identifiable information.