Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationBeat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating MusicPrivacy PolicyLast updated: May 28, 2021 Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music (hereinafter as " Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music ", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. This policy applies only to information we collect in our App and in e-mail, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with our App. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE & SERVICES.1.What information we collectA.Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIf you are a user of Portable Scanner, we may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. We will collect information including, but not limited to: your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and installed apps, the time and date of your login, the time spent on our applications and other statistics. C. The photos you submit on Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music We encourage everyone to avoid sending any pictures that may be used to identify themselves in the photos that you upload. Please do not send any photos of yourself that would allow others to identify you. Any use of photos with your likeness is subject to the terms of our Terms of Use. We only use the photos for recognizing and machine learning. We may use the information automatically collected when you use Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music for any purpose as below:A.To personalize our services. We may use your information to measure the performance of our application and ensure our services are working as intended, such as troubleshooting issues reported from you;C.To help develop our app and service. 1.Permissions used by Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating MusicA.MicrophoneThis permission allows Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music to recording. We use this permission to record your translations when you need voice input, to identify and convert them into text. A.Read the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Beat Music Maker,Drum Pad Machine&Creating Music to read the contents of your memory card. 1.How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect personal information, and we use a variety of security measures to protect your non-personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If you are a parent or guardian being aware that your child has provided us with information without his or her consent, you should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.1.Your data rightsYou have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as "California Disclosure Information. "1.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse