For YouYour LibraryLive RadioPodcastsArtist RadioNewsFeaturesEventsContestsPhotosLog InSign UpGet The AppPrivacy PolicyMay 10, 2023Versin en Espaol:https://www.iheartradio.com/legal/privacy-esiHeartMedia, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "iHeartMedia", "we", "us", or "our") are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. For more information, see ourVoice Data FAQ.Professional Information: If you interact with us on behalf of business customers, vendors, or other companies, in addition to other information described in this notice, we may also collect items like your job title, office location, compensation or payments, and engagement history with us. Audio, Electronic, and Visual Information: If you choose to submit voice recordings, photos or videos to the Platform, we will collect that information. We will collect your payment card details when you make a purchase. Automatically from your devices: We, as well as advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of tracking tools and technologies that automatically or passively collect information like browser/usage/device information and location information any time you visit or interact with the Platforms, our emails, and our advertising and content on other websites and platforms. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a social media application or website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections'" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. With our business partners, rights holders, advertisers, and advertising companies: We may share or make available personal information with or to our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with our and their marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information. Your activity on the Platform (e.g., music you listen to, music you share), playlists created or followed, and content you post to the Platform are made publicly available by default and can be accessed by users who follow you or view your iHeartMedia profile and will also be displayed publicly in third-party search engine results and may appear together with other public profile information, such as your playlists, picture and name and/or username. This information is made public by default, but you can limit this sharing as described in the "Your Choices" section below. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. By using our websites and mobile apps, you consent to our (or our service providers) collection, use, and retention of this information using session replay technology. YOUR CHOICESCookies:To learn how you can reject or delete cookies from us or other companies, please refer to your browser's help menu. Our Platforms may include Nielsen's proprietary measurement software which may allow you to contribute to market research. If you would like to opt-out of participating, please go to https://priv-policy.imrworldwide.com/priv/browser/cookie-policy-us-en.html?optout=1.Interest-Based Advertising:When you use the Platforms, we, our service providers, and advertising partners may place cookies and similar tracking technologies on your computer or Device in order to collect information about your online web-browsing activities over time and across different websites and online services or mobile applications, in order to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests. This form of advertising is referred to as Interest Based Advertising (IBA). You can opt out of being tracked online for IBA purposes by going to https://optout.aboutads.infoor https://optout.networkadvertising.org, or by disabling advertising cookies by clicking the Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information link in the footer of this webpage. These features are not yet uniform, and our systems are not configured to recognize Do Not Track headers or signals from some or all browsers. We will not collect more precise location information without your prior consent. If you do so, certain features of our Apps may no longer function as intended. You also may also uninstall or remove our Apps from your Device. Voice Data:Voice control features will only be enabled if you affirmatively activate voice controls by giving us access to the microphone on your device. Note that we only use and share your sensitive personal information for the purpose of providing our goods, subscriptions, and services that youve requested or purchased, maintaining the quality of our services and Platform, or protecting our services and Platform against illegal activity. You will not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. As noted earlier, if you are an employee, contractor, or job applicant, your rights with respect to your personal information collected in those contexts will be described in a separate privacy notice that we provide to you where and when appropriate. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURESFor purposes of California law, please note the following:We collect and use the following categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy: identifiers; personal information categories listed in Cal. Code  1798.80(e); characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; audio (voice) information and visual information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; professional information; sensitive personal information; and inferences. CHILDRENThe Platform is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Platforms and provide us with your information at your own risk.12.