This Privacy Policy governs the activities of all affiliates and brands of Educational Media Foundation ("EMF", "we" or "us"). We are committed to the protection of your personal information. Information We Collect About You
We may collect information, including your name, address, email address, and phone number when you communicate with us or sign up for one of our Services. This personal information includes information about your online activities over time and across different Services. To better understand how you use our Services, to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, and to develop new Services. To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding. To respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process. To investigate, prevent, or take action to guard against illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Third Party Vendors and Service Providers. As noted above (How We Collect Your Information - Automatic Browser Collection), we may use third-party online tracking and analytic services (such as Google Analytics, Facebook, or others) and share certain personal information with them to help us understand how you use our Services and how to improve upon your experience with those Services. Please see our Cookies section below for more information. We work with online third-party advertising partners to present special ads we think may interest you when you visit our sites or visit the sites of Third Parties, including Facebook and other social media networks. As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain pieces of your personal information with lenders, auditors, attorneys, consultants, and other third-party advisors. Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our website or on other websites. However, sometimes minors contact us to make a donation, seek a prayer, or request pastoral counseling, or they may interact with us at a Dare to Dream school assembly program or attend a cruise or event, from which we may collect their personal information. If you are a parent of a child under the age of 13, you may contact us at the Contact Information below, to request the information about your child that we have collected or request that we delete such information. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the bottom of this document. How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our Services with respect to this Privacy Policy, or would like to make a complaint, please contact us in one of the following ways:
Email us at privacy@kloveair1.com
Use the Contact Us form on this Site
US Mail  Educational Media Foundation, 5700 West Oaks Boulevard, Rocklin, CA95765
Toll Free Number  (800) 525-5683
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
We are providing this Privacy Notice for California Residents("Notice") pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA"). Customer Records such as name, contact information, education, employment, employment history and financial information. Geolocation data such as device location. Protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender and date of birth. Sources of Personal Information
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the sources listed in the How We Collect Your Information section of our Privacy Policy, above. As defined by the CCPA, we may sell certain categories of personal information as follows:
Identifiers to third party advertising networks, data analytics providers and other entities that may perform services for us
Usage Data to third party advertising networks and data analytics providers
Customer Records to data brokers
To Exercise Your Consumer Privacy Rights
Subject to certain exceptions, under the CCPA, consumers have the right to request information from us about the personal information we collect about them. You also may opt-out of certain third party cookies on our Sites/mobile applications (as described more fully in the "Cookies" section in our Privacy Policy above) by adjusting your browser settings to remove or reject such cookies. Submitting Consumer Privacy Rights Requests
To exercise your consumer privacy rights as stated above, you may submit a request to us, as follows:
-- Online using our Privacy Rights Request Form
-- Emailing us at privacy@kloveair1.com
-- Calling us toll-free at (800) 525-5683. In order to verify your request, we ask that you:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized agent who is properly registered and has been authorized in writing by the consumer whose personal information is being requested (we will ask authorized agents to provide the consumer's written authorization for confirmation). In certain circumstances we may decline your consumer privacy rights request, such as where fulfilling a request may interfere with a transaction you have asked us to process for you or to comply with other obligations under other applicable laws. We will not penalize you for making a request. Rev.November 2021
Get exclusive content, free tickets and new songs! Cancel
Continue
Close
Hours
:
Minutes
:
Seconds
Give Now!