Plugin
Sign In
Resonant Cavity Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 27, 2022
This policy explains Resonant Cavity LLCs (RC) information practices, defines your privacy options and describes how your personal information is collected and used. Should you have privacy questions or concerns, send an email to privacychief@resonantcavity.com. RC shall have right at any time and without prior notice, at its sole discretion, to revise this policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, by means of a notice the next time you log in to the RC Website, by means of a notice on the RC Website homepage or when you next activate the Application, at our discretion. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This policy applies to all information collected on the RC Website, any information you provide to RC, any information you may submit to the Applications when you download the Applications or information that results from your use of the Applications. We may also collect personal information from the device that you use to access the RC Website and/or Applications and from cookies and similar technologies. We may collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
We may collect your name, username, and email address. If you choose to sign in using these services, information like your name, email address, profile picture, language preference, and an access token will be shared with us. Commercial Information
We may collect your order history, including whether you have enrolled in a subscription. You are not required to provide all personal information in this Privacy Policy to use the RC Website or the Applications, or to interact with us, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain personal information. Some cookies are necessary to operate a website, while others can be functional or analytical. Cookies on the RC Website are generally divided into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. We also use Google Analytics for part of this process. These improve the functional performance of the RC Website and make it easier for you to use. You can delete these cookies as detailed below. You can also prevent the use of certain cookies by modifying your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections Help, Internet Options, or Settings. We also work with third-party analytics companies and advertising networks to understand how our Applications are used and to display advertisements that we believe will be relevant to you. We use AdMob from Google for part of this process. You can opt out of personalized advertisements under the Settings section of our Applications. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with the following third parties:
Service providers, including hosting providers, IT outsourcing, web analytics providers, customer relationship management providers, and marketing providers. Other users, your profile and information you post to your profile may be viewed by other users. We may also share personal information with third parties in connection with a change to the control or financial status of the company, including a corporate restructuring, sale, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, transfer, assignment of assets, or business merger or divestiture. You play an important role in keeping your information secure. You should not share your login credentials with anyone. USE OF THE RC WEBSITE AND APPLICATIONS BY CHILDREN
THE RC WEBSITE AND THE APPLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16. If you have questions or concerns about the Internet and privacy for your child, we encourage you to check out the FTC Guidelines for protecting your childs privacy online
7. You may also delete your account from our Applications or by signing into the RC Website. To protect your privacy and security, RC may request information from you to verify your identity before granting you the right to access, review, make corrections to or delete your personally identifiable information. Privacy Policy
App Terms
Web Terms
FAQ
Jobs
Contact Us
2023 Resonant Cavity LLC