Dreame FM
About
Dreame FM Privacy Policy Published on: March 25th, 2022
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Ltd., a
company operating under the laws of Singapore, located at 9
Raffles Place #34-01, Republic Plaza, Singapore (048619)
(collectively, Globook, we, us, or
our). Ifyou have any questions or concerns regarding
this Policy or the use of your Personal Information,You may
contact us via email at service@dreamefm.com. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship
of, endorsement of, or affiliation with, those people or
companies. By creating an account with us, using the Services, or
submitting any Personal Information via the Services, you are
consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your
Personal Information as described below in this Privacy
Policy. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it
carefully. We do
not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from a
user under the age of 16, nor do we knowingly allow a user under
age of 16 to use our Services. If
you or any parent or legal guardian permit a Teen to use the
Services, you hereby agree to the Policy on behalf of both
yourself and the Teen. If we discover that a user under 16 years of age has created an
account, or that a user or visitor under 16 years of age has
posted Personally Information or other content to the Services,
we will terminate the account and remove the information or
other content as soon as commercially practicable. This may include
information like your username, nickname, email address,
password and profile photo. Sweepstakes, contests and surveys If you participate in a contest, special programs or survey, we
may request certain Personal Information from you. Non-identifiable information Non-identifiable information refers to data that cannot be used
to identify an individual. For example, we may share the non-identifiable
information with advertisers or publicly to show trends about
the general use of our Services. Use of Collected Personal Information We use your information to provide the Platform to you and to
improve and administer it. Because this
information is important to your interaction with us, you may
not opt out of receiving these important notices;
Tosend you notifications, emails, SMS messages, instant
messages and inbox message to inform you about the updates of
our Services, Terms of Service, Privacy Policy as well as any
other operating rules, policies and procedures, new audio
books, campaigns, promotions, special offers and any other
direct marketing information about our products and Services
based on your prior consent in Dreame FM. However, you may
withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us through
service@dreamefm.com. However, We may share your
Personal Information with third-party service providers, but
only where its necessary to provide any of the Services to you
(e.g., email providers, server providers, etc.). This Policy does not apply to your use of any such
third party applications and services, and we are not
responsible for how those third parties collect, use and
disclose your information. Disclosures in the event of merger, sale or asset
transfer We may share your information in connection with any merger,
sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a
portion of our business to another company. Under these
circumstances, we will always require the third parties or
related companies to comply with this Policy. Advertising partners We may allow third party advertisers and advertising networks
to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect your
information described in Section 7 to enable the technical
delivery of personalized advertisements to your device. However, turning off
personalized advertisement function will limit our ability to
deliver relevant advertisement to you but may not necessarily
reduce the number of advertisements you receive. 5.Where do we store your Personal Information? It may also be
processed by staff operating outside your country who work for
us, for one of our suppliers or one of our business partners. We are continuously implementing and updating physical,
organizational, contractual and technological security measures,
such as encryption, to protect your Personal Information from
loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or
modification. However, we may process your Personal Information if there are
other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defence
of legal claims or for other protections). They may also use other technologies (such as cookies,
JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure their advertisements
effectiveness and personalize the advertising content you see. You can exercise choices over how we use your Personal
Information and update your preferences at any time as described
in Section 4. 9.Changes Our Policy may change from time to time. In
the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation among
any language version, the English language shall always prevail.