JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully, as it describes the type of data we collect, how we use it and important legal rights you have. For example, certain portions of our sites may require that you submit personal information, such as your name and email address, before using those portions of the site. We store your shipping address to fulfill your order. Information Obtained From Other Sources
On occasion, inMusic may offer in conjunction with third parties, such as software partners, app partners, music sharing services and other co-promoted-brand partners, certain products or services that may require you to share your personal information with that third party as a condition for receiving that product or service. To complete any purchase, we collect your name, phone number, email address, delivery and shipping address(es), and payment information. Note that we never store payment or credit card information. We only use payment information to complete your purchase. During the registration process, you will be required to set up an account (if a new customer) and link your product to your new or existing account. Communications and Marketing
We use data to send you personalized information about inMusic, our products and brands, services, and other topics inMusic thinks may be of interest to you, such as brand, product and service information or updates. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit Your Rights and Choices. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
inMusic does not sell your personal information. Surveys
From time to time, inMusic may make online surveys available to users of our sites. Participation in those surveys is voluntary. While inMusic will treat any information it receives in accordance with this Privacy Policy, inMusic is not responsible for the information gathered by that third party, and inMusic reminds you to review the rules and privacy policies separately applicable to those third-party events. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways:
you can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
you can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you;
you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal information; and
in certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party. Where we are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information. We will respond to your request as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days. If you cannot access certain personal information collected by us via your account or directly via the product that you use, you can always contact us by sending an email to privacy@inmusicbrands.com. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe or change your communication settings. Please note, regardless of your communication settings, we will continue to communicate with you regarding changes to terms and conditions, policy updates, product software updates, routine customer service messages such as information about current or past purchase, delivery of products, service interruptions, data breaches or other significant information about a product you own such as discontinuation of support or safety issues. Our websites automatically log your IP address and domain name, and non-personal information such as the type of web browser you use, to help us administer the sites and to compile statistics such as the number of visitors. To enable, facilitate and streamline the functioning of and your access to the inMusic websites. For purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research, product development, and regulatory compliance. Your Choices
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browsers toolbar. Necessary for the performance of the contract
inMusic provides a voluntary service; you can choose whether or not you want to use the services. Remember, your decision to continue using our sites after this Privacy Policy Statement is updated will signify that you have agreed to any new terms. -Please select-
Party
Camping
Home/Indoor Living
Outdoor Living
Boating
Workout/Gym
School/Education
Karaoke
SIGN UP