Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationMixtubePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceMixtubePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceMorePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyWelcome to Mixtube. You understand and consent that we may provide and share the information to our partners, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience, but we never disclose information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. Cookies are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your computer or device and tell us how and when the Services are visited and by how many people. If you are a child as defined by any applicable law, please do not attempt to register for the Website/software/application or send any information about yourself to us without the permission of your parents or legal representatives, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Even if the processing of personal data is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time to the extent allowed by applicable laws for purposes of a) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation by the controller; b) transfer to third parties; or c) exclusive use of the controller, with access by third parties being prohibited, and provided the data has been anonymized. We do not purport to have listed all possible disclosures that we might make. Although we use what we believe to be commercially reasonable practices to protect your privacy, that does not mean, and you should not expect it to mean, that your information or communications will always be private or protected. WHY DOES MIXTUBE
COLLECT INFORMATION?The information we collect from all our services is for the purposes of providing better services to you. We use your information to deliver our Services, and to ensure our Services are working stable, faster and better. We may use the information we collect to customize our services for you. You can control the personalized advertising within the ad setting section in your device. We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our Services are used, which will help us to know the pros and cons of particular features and the performance of advertisers
ad campaigns as well. We may use the information we collect to contact you, which enables us to make sure the services we provide are safe and without interruption, e.g. when there are any abnormal actions or any important events that you need to know. When the processing of personal data is a precondition for the provision of our Services or for the exercise of a right, you may exercise your rights as listed in this Privacy Policy. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. You have the right to obtain the following from the controller, namely the Company, regarding your information being processed by the controller, at any time and by means of express request of you or your legally constituted representative to the processing agent, to the extent allowed by applicable laws:
Confirmation of the existence of the processing. Correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data. This does not include data that have already been anonymized by the controller. Deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject. You can choose to delete your personal information by emailing us unless the use and/or disclosure of the information is for purposes of a) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation by the controller; b) transfer to third parties; or c) exclusive use of the controller, with access by third parties being prohibited, and provided the data has been anonymized. You are entitled to know information about either public or private entities with which we have shared data by emailing us. Information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial. We will also share your data outside Mixtube
if we have above mentioned needs to Protect Public PolicyTo provide better and personalized services for you, you understand and agree that we may share necessary information through SDK or other insertion tools with certain third parties, including without limitation Google Admob, Facebook and Vungle. SECURITY MEASURESMixtube
is built with reliable security features that continuously protect your information. We keep detecting and automatically blocking security threats from ever reaching you. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:We use encryption to keep your data private while in transiWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systemWe restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe regularly review this Privacy Policy and update it if it is necessary to make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it as well as applicable laws. The date when the latest version was published will always be clearly identified. CONTACT USE-mail us at
hook123qaws@gmail.comReport abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse