Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy was last updated on April 25th, 2023.See previous versions here. IntroductionThis Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information if You use our Application Services or if You use an Application with Our Services integrated. When installing, running, and using Appvestor applications and Caller ID technology, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Service(s) refers to any of Appvestor applications and/or Caller ID technology. You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as You are the individual using the Service. This collected information is required for Appvestor to verify that Your device is accurately registered. Appvestor also accesses and makes use of the Advertising Identifier (Advertiser ID) connected to the installed app and may access and use the documentation on Your consent within Your Google Account setting regarding personalized advertisements. Documentation on this consent only entails a unique ID, which is generated when You install the mobile application and make Your choice. You can withdraw Your consent at any time. Technical information may include but is not limited to: device information number from Your device so that the Services can be provided to You. To contact You: To contact You through electronic communications, such as push notifications. Your Data will be retained until the purpose of use is achieved or You choose to have it deleted. How long specific personal data is retained depends on the purpose for its use, however, we will delete your personal data in accordance with applicable law. Article 6 (1), litra f, according to which personal data may be processed if this is necessary to pursue a legitimate interest unless the interests of the data subject precede this. article 21 in the general data protection regulation. Transfer of Your DataYour Personal Data (the advertiser ID and unique ID regarding consent), may be processed in any place where Our Data Partners are located. Furthermore, Appvestor will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information. We have agreements with the following Data Partners. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process, and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their own Privacy Policies. We have implemented the appropriate technical security measures to ensure data protection in all contexts, also taking into consideration the category of the Personal Data that We process. Changes to the Privacy PolicyWe may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Contact UsIf You have any questions, requests, or comments about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us by sending an e-mail to: privacy@appvestor.comFor Users Within the European Economic Area (EEA)Appvestor undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights. You also have the right to object to where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using Your Personal Data. You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation, and opposition by contacting Us. For more information You can contact Datatilsynet at:Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, DK 2500 ValbyTelephone: + 45 33 19 32 00E-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dkFor Users Within California (CCPA/CPRA Area) and Virginia (VCDPA)If You are a resident in the State of California or the State of Virginia click here to read Your rights, in addition to this Privacy Policy. Additional Privacy Notice for US Residents. Google (Emil Ochotta dpo-google@google.com)IrelandPersonal data as described in this privacy policyFor analysis and marketing purposesData is transmitted through information network when You use the ServiceUntil You choose to delete data or the agreement term with Service Provider expires.