Privacy Policy of Loudly GmbH
Loudly GmbH collects some Personal Data from its Users. Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (opt-out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data. This service allows Loudly GmbH to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy. Device permissions for Personal Data access
Depending on the User's specific device, Loudly GmbH may request certain
permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below. Flurry Analytics (Flurry, Inc.)
Flurry Analytics is an analytics service provided by Yahoo! Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Loudly GmbH, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC. Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. Place of processing:
United States 
Privacy Policy. The User ID extension might make it possible to connect Data from Google Analytics with other Data about the User collected by Loudly GmbH.
The opt-out link below will only opt you out for the device you are on, but not from tracking performed independently by the Owner. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Payments will be charged to your iTunes Account after confirmation. Subscription automatically renewed unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the subscription period. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of Loudly GmbH.
Firebase Crash Reporting (Google Inc.)
Firebase Crash Reporting is a monitoring service provided by Google, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on Loudly GmbH isnt being connected back to the Users profile. Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Place of processing:
France 
Privacy Policy. Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC. WordPress.com (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host Loudly GmbH.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Shopify (Shopify Inc.)
Shopify is a platform provided by Shopify Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host an e-commerce website. Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Loudly GmbH and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Loudly GmbH (or third-party services employed in Loudly GmbH), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Loudly GmbH, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.),