PRIVACY POLICY
Version April 6th2023
We understand that our users care about how their personal
information is used and shared. June, 2021
WHAT INFORMATION DOES LARK PLAYER COLLECT? When you are not signed in to a valid account, we use the unique
identifiers tied to the application or device you are using to collect
information. For greater certainty, whenever you interact with our website or
apps, we automatically receive and record information on our server
logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie
information, and the page you requested. You may be able to change the
preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your
acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage
of some of our features. For example, this may include the number of contacts you have on your
phone, how many contacts you have marked as favorites, and the number
of apps, songs, videos, or other content you have on your phone. This
information is only collected as aggregate data, without reference to
you or your contacts identities. For example, this may include the device type, settings and image
resolution, operating system, mobile network information including
carrier name and phone number, the version of Android operating
system, the size of your devices screen and internal storage. We
may collect information about your location when you use our Services. Your email data and accountId
are not transferred from your device. In order for the Apps to play,download and upload audio files you need
to grant access for the Apps to your Google Drive files. Apps do not share any information from
your Google Drive account. 3.If you
provide us with your name and email address, we will use this
information for the purpose of contacting you regarding our services
and products. Company does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information
from children under the applicable age in your country or knowingly
allow such persons to register unless it is upon the specific and
highlighted consent of at least one of the parents or the legal
representatives of the child. Even if the processing of
personal data is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your
Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended
from time to time to the extent allowed by applicable laws for
purposes of a) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation by the
controller; b) transfer to third parties; or c) exclusive use of the
controller, with access by third parties being prohibited, and
provided the data has been anonymized. We do not purport to have listed all possible disclosures that we
might make. To
Be the Visionary in the Field of Content Discovery and
Entertainment Evolution, we do our best to execute our core values:
Kaizen
and
Create Value for Our Users. Provide, Maintain, Improve and Develop our Services. We may use the information we collect to customize our services for
you, including providing recommendations and personalized content. We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our
Services are used, which will help us to know the pros and cons of
particular features and the performance of advertisers ad campaigns
as well. When the processing of personal data is a precondition for the
provision of our Services or for the exercise of a right, you may
exercise your rights as listed in this Privacy Policy. You have the right to obtain the following from the controller,
namely the Company, regarding your information being processed by the
controller, at any time and by means of express request of you or your
legally constituted representative to the processing agent, to the
extent allowed by applicable laws:
Confirmation of the existence of the processing. You may at any time confirm the processing of data by reviewing the
terms and policies of the Company, emailing us or any other means provided by us. You can choose to delete your personal information by emailing us
unless the use and/or disclosure of the information is for purposes of
a) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation by the controller;
b) transfer to third parties; or c) exclusive use of the controller,
with access by third parties being prohibited, and provided the data
has been anonymized. Information about the possibility of denying consent and the
consequences of such denial. We
provide various means for such revocation, e.g. through emails or
privacy settings in the applications or your devices. We may only share your information with companies, organizations,
individuals or other third parties outside LARK PLAYER
with your consent. SECURITY MEASURES
LARK PLAYER
is built with reliable security features that continuously protect
your information. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access, alteration,
disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in
transit
We review our information collection, storage, and processing
practices, including physical security measures, to prevent
unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to our employees,
contractors, and agents who need that information in order to
process it. The
date when the latest version was published will always be clearly
identified.