Personal identification information
We may collect your name, email address, and a profile picture(profile header image or avatar) to identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. The information will be collected only under the user's permission. Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you (such as in-app activities). Location information
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location. Protection
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. Sharing your personal information
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Website, the Apps and the Services (together, the "Platform"). Any information in your public profile (other than your email address) will be accessible by other users of the Platform, who may view your profile information, listen to and comment on any of your public records, add themselves to your list of followers, and send you messages. If you listen to any records uploaded by another user, the fact that you have listened to those records will be shared with that user, and that you are following that user, so that they can track the popularity of their records. Similarly, if you comment on any records on the Platform, your comments will be available to all users of the Platform. There is certain information that we collect automatically as the result of your use of the Platform, or through the use of cookies and other web analytics services as described in our . We do not sell, trade, rent or share personally identifiable information with other companies. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about the changes. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Content to Use of Data
You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information - including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals - that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, produce support, and other services to you. We may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve our app and to provide far better services or technologies to you. Your acceptance of these terms
By logging in, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not log into our service. Your continued use of the service following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Deletion of User Data
You may request deletion of your personal information, uploaded sheet music and shared records. For more information, read the
on how to request deletion of user data. This document was last updated on October 20, 2021