| Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscription Terms
Premium Trial Terms
Privacy Policy
Community & Content Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Tax Policy
Events
Pandora Privacy Policy
Effective: January 10, 2023
Your California Consumer Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information collected and processed by Pandora Media, LLC. (" You should be aware that any information you submit in the course of these community activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these parts of the Service, as further discussed below. Information We Collect Automatically
We as well as third party companies we have business relationships with, including advertising entities, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or use a Service or otherwise interact with us or our content, including our advertisements or third party advertisements on our Service ("Usage Information"). Web and application servers create log files automatically as part of their setup and configuration. If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your privacy settings on your device, you may still use our Service, but your ability to use some areas of our website, and the ability to stay logged in, will be limited. Software development kits (SDKs) -- SDKs are a software package that contains a set of tools that can be used to help build applications and implement new features in existing apps. These Social Media platforms may be able to collect certain information about your visits to the Service regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the Social Media platform. Pandora is not responsible for, and will assume no liability, if a third party collects, uses, or shares any personal information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws, rules, or agreements. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Generally: Pandora may use your Registration Data and other personal information or data we receive or collect, as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing, for a variety of purposes, such as:
To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on the Pandora Service. To alert you to the latest developments and features on our Service and to notify you of administrative information, such as security or support and maintenance advisories. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level in your app settings. We may use your email address or other Registration Data to provide you with technical support, send you notices about the Service or other promotional offers you have elected to receive, and to serve you with ads that are more relevant to your interests. We may share personal information we have collected about you as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as described in this policy, with your consent, and in the following circumstances:
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Entities
We may share information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for business, analytical, marketing, operational and advertising purposes as described in our respective privacy policies, and to offer, provide, and improve services and products offered both individually and jointly. These third-party providers may have their own data collection, use, and sharing practices that may also be applicable to your personal information, and that are not covered by this policy. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. They are not authorized to use your personal information for their own, unrelated purposes. We share this information for a variety of purposes such as mobile listening capping, advertising frequency capping, tracking advertising conversion events, estimating the number of unique users, security and fraud detection, debugging problems with the Pandora Service, and for providing you with more relevant advertisements. In the course of any of the above, we may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies at our discretion. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register their intent not to receive targeted advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. DO NOT TRACK" AND GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL SIGNALS
Do Not Track - Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to websites and online services that you visit. To find out more about and set up "Do Not Track," please visit www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Global Privacy Control - Global Privacy Control ("GPC") is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking. You have the option to change this election in your account settings. Cancellation or Deactivation of Accounts - If you would like to request the cancellation or deactivation of your account, you should contact our User Support team for assistance. Please note that changes to the visibility of your Pandora profile do not have any impact on the advertising you may see if you use the ad-supported version of the Service. Please consult with the applicable search engine to determine how you may remove webpages from their webpage cache. Please see below for additional provisions, as required under the consumer privacy law of your state. To view this information, visit Your California Consumer Privacy Act Rights. To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. (" If you are a Virginia resident and would like to exercise any of these rights described above pursuant to the VCDPA, and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder, please submit a request here. This right may be exercised directly via the Settings section of our Service or by contacting User Support at privacy@pandora.com with information on the data you wish to have corrected.