SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Our Brands
Free standard shipping on orders over $29.00. Create now
Learn
Learn
Close
Logi Stories
For Education
For Education
Teaching from Home
Learning from Home
Hybrid Learning
Education Center
Explore All
Ergonomics
Ergonomics
Healthy Computing
Ergo Lab
Wellbeing Tips
For Creators
For Creators
Logitech for Creators
Streaming
Professional Streamers
Advanced Capture Techniques
Explore All
Productivity
Productivity
Working from Home
MX Master Series
MX for Creativity
MX for Coding
Compatibility
Compatibility
For Mac
For iPad
For Chromebook
When the old logic holds us back, its up to us to defy it. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data. Please review the privacy notices presented to you by these third party services when linking your accounts for details on the information Logitech receives. Back to top
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use the data we collect:
to operate our business and provide, improve, and personalize our products and services, and
to send communications, including promotions, account information, security updates, and product information. Marketing communications
If you have opted in or we have a legitimate interest under applicable law, we may send you information about our products and services by email or telephone, including information about new product features, releases, promotions, and announcements. Back to top
CONTROLLING AND ACCESSING INFORMATION
You can direct us to update, delete, or deactivate certain information pertaining to you. CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including TLS encryption, to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We do not sell your personal information, and we will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. You can opt-out of having your personal information used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Information that may be collected includes:
Account information like name, email address, and password to create an account or if you use a third-party open authorization (OAuth2) like Facebook or Google to log in. We do not analyze or transmit audio or video from the user. Back to top
Circle Cameras and Products
Logitech Circle cameras are wireless cameras and software applications that can be used for a variety of purposes at home and at work. Data collected is stored directly within the application, on your Device, and on servers in the U.S. or other countries where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers have facilities. There are services that Logitech provides for you, such as customer service support and technical product information. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. We also use the following information to ensure that your device works and to enhance the security and stability of our products:
location information and IP address;
data about when you access our software, like the features you access and when you sync your remote;
data related to the discovery of devices in your environment, and your use of product features, like the help button or reboot actions; and
with your consent where its required, information sent to an analytics tool, including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. Back to top
Logitech Video Conferencing Products
Logitech Video Conferencing products and services include video conferencing systems, video conferencing cameras, speakerphones, touch controllers, headsets, and webcams, as well as software like Sync, our cloud device management platform. Once installed and authenticated with the Sync Portal, the Sync app will communicate directly with Sync Portal to enable remote management and monitoring capabilities. Read more
Jaybird App
The Jaybird app allows a user to:
customize the sound of their headphones;
update product and firmware settings;
record the location where their headphones were last connected; and
browse and use presets and Spotify playlists shared by other users
When you register for an account, we collect information like your name, email address, personal image (avatar), current location, and password. Back to top
Ultimate Ears Products and Services
Ultimate Ears products are high quality, beautifully designed speakers and headphones. Ultimate Ears products do not store any user command data passed from the user to the third party. Custom In Ear Monitors (IEM)
Ultimate Ears Pro and CSX offer premium custom-fit in ear monitors (earphones). If you register as a member, either via the website and/or the mobile app, Logitech will request you to complete your profile at the time of registration including information such as your name, email address, location and topic interests. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We will occasionally update this Statement. About
About
Logitech Story
Careers
Investors
Blog
Press
Contact Us
Values
Values
Social Impact
Sustainability
Recycling
Accessibility
Partners
Partners
Affiliate Program
Influencer
CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS
Return Policy
Email Preferences
Student Discount
Yes, I want to receive news and product emails.