PRIVACY POLICY
Simple Tuner
[Last Amended: July 18, 2021]
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy), is an integral part of our End User License Agreement (EULA), and governs the processing and transfer of personal data collected or processed by Zipo Apps Ltd. (Company, we, us or our) when you accessing or using our mobile application or our services, all as detailed in the applicable EULA (respectively the App and Service). Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the EULA. In the event you are a California resident and the CCPA applies to you  please also review our CCPA Privacy Notice. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you are welcome to contact us at: support.simpletuner@zipoapps.com
This Privacy Policy explains our data collection practices that are applicable toward any users of our App or our Services (you or your). We contractually ensure our Service Providers comply with applicable data protection laws. OVERVIEW OF THE INFORMATION WE PROCESS FROM YOU
We may collect two types of data and information from you, depending on your interaction with us. The first type of information is non-identifiable and anonymous information (Non-Personal Data). Personal Data we collect from you
TYPE OF DATA
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
FOR EU PERSONS - LEGAL BASIS UNDER THE GDPR
Contact Information:In the event you contact us for support or any other inquiries, by sending us an email or by any other means of communications we may make available to you, you will be requested to provide us with your full name and email address. You represent and warrant that you will not provide us with inaccurate, misleading or false information. In addition, in certain features we will use your Access Fine Location permission in the background while you are using the App so that we are able to locate the wifi networks and connection to provide the Services. We will process this data solely upon your active explicit consent though in-app notifications. Push Notifications:We may store Firebase Cloud Messages token. If you wish to stop getting push notifications, you may do so simply by disables push notifications on your devices settings or uninstall the app. As the token is Non-Personal Data it does not require a lawful basis. We do not store nor process any Personal Data when you process the payment. In most cases, this data will not include Personal Data, however we treat this information as Personal Data as we may be able to reasonably identify you. We use this data in order to maintain, support, improve, protect and manage our App and Services. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience. Our partners will process this data to manage and deliver advertisements more effectively and personally, including contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on your activity, preferences or other data available to us or to our business partners and advertisers, including for re-targeting purposes. Technical Data:We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Data which relates to your use of our App such as: the type and version of device, application, or browser used, operating system, or time zone setting, country, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs. Automatically  we may use SDK (as elaborated below) or similar tracking technologies to gather some information automatically when you interact with our App and Services. Provided by you voluntarily  we will collect information if and when you choose to provide us with the information, such as through the Services, contact us communications, etc. Once we share your Personal Data under these circumstances, that data becomes subject to the other third partys privacy practices. Certain of our service providers shall include servers, payment processors, advertisement services, governmental agencies and representatives. The rights may include one or all of the following: (i) request to amend your Personal Data we store accessing; (ii) review and access your Personal Data that we hold; (iii) request to delete your Personal Data that we hold (as long as we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining the data); (iv) restrict or object to the process your Personal Data; (v) exercise your right of data portability (vi) contact to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction and file a complaint; and (vii) withdraw consent (to the extent applicable). DATA TRANSFER
We use Google Cloud which are located in EU, US and Asia. Further, certain processing activities are conducted in Israel, or other countries. CHILDREN
Our App and Services are intended for general audience and is not directed to persons under 13 years old. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
The App and the Apps Services do not respond to Do Not Track signals. In the event that we made any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to provide you with notification with respect to such changes, if we are required to do so by applicable law.