Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationVolume Booster EQPrivacy PolicyVolume booster EQ (hereinafter as "Volume booster EQ", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected when you download, install, ,or use this mobile application (the "App"), and how such information will be used and shared. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. By using our websites and applications, you consent to the policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this policy. This policy DOES NOT apply to information that we collect offline, information collected in other apps or websites (including third party websites you may access through the App), or information collected by any third party. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE & SERVICES.1.What information we collectA.Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIf you are a user of Volume booster EQ, we may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. B.Information automatically collected when you use Volume booster EQWe automatically collect information about you when you use our application("Volume booster EQ"). We will collect information including, but not limited to: your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and installed apps, the time and date of your login, the time spent on on our applications and other statistics.2.How we use collected informationWe only use the information you directly and voluntarily provide to us to accept and respond to your feedback. We may use your information to understand demographics, customer interest and help you custom sound effects;B.To help maintain and improve our services. We may use your information to measure the performance of our application and ensure our services are working as intended, such as troubleshooting issues reported from you;C.To help develop our app and service. We use this permission to Analyze the music currently playing and generate the music spectrum. C.Modify or delete the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Volume booster EQ to modify or delete the contents from your phone and make your phone faster.4.How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect or store personal information, and we use a variety of security measures to protect your non-personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.5.Advertising and analytic services provided by othersWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.6.Children' s policyWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If you are a parent or guardian being aware that your child has provided us with information without his or her consent, you should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.7.Your data rightsYou have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. To exercise this right please contact us by email at: nli089795@gmail.com.8.California residents' rightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please reference your request as "California Disclosure Information. "9.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use the Services after changes have been posted, you are confirming that you have read, understood and consented to the latest version of this Privacy Policy.10.Contact UsIf you have any question or comments about this policy, please send email to: nli089795@gmail.com. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse