Privacy PolicyEffective Date: Last Updated + 30 daysLast Updated: January 14, 2022Previous Version: https://nomad88.com/privacy_policy_20210314.htmlYour privacy is important to us. It is 88 (Nomad88)'s policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including via our app, Nomad Music, and its associated services. Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. In the event our app contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. After following a link to any third-party content, you should read their posted privacy policy information about how they collect and use personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our app. Voluntarily provided information refers to any information you knowingly and actively provide us when using our app and its associated services. Additionally, when you encounter certain errors while using the app, we automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. The specific data we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and the permissions you grant when you install and use the app. For example, If you consent to us accessing your social media profiles, we may combine information sourced from those profiles with information received from you directly to provide you with an enhanced experience of our app and services. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it. Correction:If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. Notification of data breaches:We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach. Changes to This PolicyAt our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. Additional Disclosures for Australian Privacy Act Compliance (AU)International Transfers of Personal InformationWhere the disclosure of your personal information is solely subject to Australian privacy laws, you acknowledge that some third parties may not be regulated by the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. This means we only collect and use your information on the following grounds:Consent From YouWhere you give us consent to collect and use your personal information for a specific purpose. When you contact us, you may consent to your name and email address being used so we can respond to your enquiry. Performance of a Contract or TransactionWhere you have entered into a contract or transaction with us, or in order to take preparatory steps prior to our entering into a contract or transaction with you. Our Legitimate InterestsWhere we assess it is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as for us to provide, operate, improve and communicate our services. If you have any further enquiries about how we retain personal information in order to comply with the law, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy. International Transfers Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)We will ensure that any transfer of personal information from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, for example by using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, or the use of binding corporate rules or other legally accepted means. Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal InformationRestrict:You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if (i) you are concerned about the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) you believe your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) you need us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) we are in the process of considering your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests. Where possible, we will provide this information in CSV format or other easily readable machine format. Deletion:You may have a right to request that we delete the personal information we hold about you at any time, and we will take reasonable steps to delete your personal information from our current records. Additional Disclosures for California Compliance (US)Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you live in California and your business relationship with us is mainly for personal, family, or household purposes, you may ask us about the information we release to other organizations for their marketing purposes. You may make this type of request once every calendar year. Do Not TrackSome browsers have a Do Not Track feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser Do Not Track signals. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to the value of your personal information, and we will provide written terms that describe clearly the nature of such an offer. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:The categories of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; andThe specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.