Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 27, 2021
Your privacy is important to Radio Javan. This Privacy Policy is an agreement between you and Radio Javan which informs you of our policies and practices regarding how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store information about you. Will we share your personal information with third parties? What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information? WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW DO WE USE IT? We may use personal information that you provide to us to send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Service. If you decide to create your account by logging into a SNS via the Service, you are using the personal information you have already provided to the SNS (such as your real name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) to create your account on our Service; the information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS, so please consult the SNSs privacy and data practices. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for submitting a Comment is for that Content to be visible to the general public, and for site management and integrity purposes, as well as auditing and legal purposes. Because Content may be transmitted over various networks, we may have to make changes to the formatting or display of your Content in order to adapt to the technical requirements of different networks or devices. Contests and Sweepstakes
When you enter a contest, challenge or sweepstakes with RJ, we will use the information you submit to determine a winner, to provide the winner(s) with their prizes (including via mail by sharing PII with the postal or delivery service), and for auditing and legal purposes. We may collect and process the IP address of Service users including registered users; we need this information so we can provide you with the Content that you are requesting, to allow you to submit Comments and Content, and for other legal and accounting audit reasons including maintaining the integrity of the Archive and the Content that we host. Logs of server interactions, as well as event logs are collected and processed. Like many websites, we employ cookies and other technologies in certain areas of the Service to allow us to provide information to make your online experience more convenient. Cookies created/used by Facebook and Google may also be stored when RJ users access/use the Website. Further, this website uses Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy; if you choose not to opt out of DART cookie tracking, you consent to our collection and use of your PII and SCPD personalization of ads by Google, as well as our sharing of your PII and SCPT with Google; for more information you can visit Googles page regarding PII and SCPD. Device Information
We collect device (desktop, tablet or smartphone) specific information(such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number)and use it to serve you the content you are seeking, allow you to share Content via the Service, and maintain the integrity of the site, and for other accounting, auditing and legal purposes, as well as in anonymized form for audience analysis purposes. This Age Policy covers use of RJ by individuals (a) who are residents or citizens of the European Union and of the age where consent of a parent or legal guardian is required for the processing of personal data of children including email addresses and IP addresses, as well as certain uses of cookies; and (b) who are under the age of thirteen (13) and residents or citizens of any other country. Age-Barred Individuals may not submit Content to RJ. Sharing of Information
You are asked to consent for RJ to use your personal information to complete transactions, respond to your requests, deliver tickets and services you request, and send communications to you about promotions, updates, or special offers (which may be offered by RJ or one of its business partners) that may be of interest to you. We cannot guarantee other services performance. We or the services we use may store or process your personally identifying information in data centers which may be located in the United States or other countries. Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party websites that may be linked to by the Service or its users including Ticketmaster, Twitter, Facebook and Google which users who have accounts on those other services can use to forward Content to third parties. Further, information may be retained by third parties like Facebook, as well as entities to whom we have provided information while you were a user of the Services. Suspending Your Account
You can suspend your account by visiting your Profile page and clicking on "Deactivate Account". You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. You may also contact us at [emailprotected], if you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Service. As a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of any of the Service and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. The largest source of Persian entertainment providing the best Persian and Iranian music 24/7