Skip to content
Pianist HD  One Of The Best Piano App
Pianist HD  Piano Teacher is the most enjoyable way to play with a virtual Piano on Android
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY MODEL FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application [PIANIST HD  FINGER TAP PIANO] (Application) for mobile devices that was created by [RUBYCELL ENTERTAINMENT]. The Application is [A VIRTUAL PIANO APP FOR ANDROID.] Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device? We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement. You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly. Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here. Processing, means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Vietnam. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@rubycell.com. Do you need any
html coding expertise to make your own blog? however what if
you added a title to maybe grab folks attention? I mean New Pianist HD  June 2013 | Pianist HD  One Of The Best Piano App is kinda vanilla. You ought to look at Yahoos front
page and see how they create post headlines to grab people to click. You might add a video or a related pic or two to grab people excited about what youve written. Just my opinion, it could make your website a little livelier. Feel free to visit my web blog solar power perth wa
Reply
Linwood says:
June 21, 2013 at 11:35 pm
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. Ive joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks! Ill go ahead and bookmark your site to come back later on. Im having trouble locating it but, Id like to send you
an e-mail. Ive got some recommendations for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Also visit my site  energy efficient windows
Reply
Indiana says:
August 11, 2014 at 8:22 pm
I see you share interesting things here, you can earn some extra cash,
your blog has big potential, for the monetizing method,
just search in google  K2 advices how to monetize a website
Reply
reyan g. moreno says:
March 21, 2015 at 2:49 pm
nice
Reply
maddi says:
April 18, 2015 at 8:11 pm
kkssnxk
Reply
al akans says:
September 12, 2015 at 9:10 pm
This app is helping me learn to play the songs I liked. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Proudly powered by WordPress