Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationFree ringtonesPrivacy PolicyLast updated:July 28, 2021 Free Ringtones (hereinafter as " Free Ringtones ", "we", "our", or "us") understands the importance of protecting your privacy. It also explains choices you have to control the collection, correction and/or deletion of such information. This policy DOES NOT apply to information that we collect offline, information collected in other apps or websites (including third party websites you may access through the App), or information collected by any third party. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. We will collect information including, but not limited to: your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and installed apps, the time and date of your login, the time spent on our applications and other statistics. C. The photos you submit on Free Ringtones We encourage everyone to avoid sending any pictures that may be used to identify themselves in the photos that you upload. Please do not send any photos of yourself that would allow others to identify you. Any use of photos with your likeness is subject to the terms of our Terms of Use. We only use the photos for recognizing and machine learning. About sensitive permission READ_PHONE_STATEWe use this permission to verify the user/phone with IMEI information but we will not store it. We may use the information automatically collected when you use Free Ringtones for any purpose as below:A.	To personalize our services. Permissions used by Free RingtonesA. MicrophoneThis permission allows Free Ringtones to recording. We use this permission to record your translations when you need voice input, to identify and convert them into text. B.	Read the contents of your memory cardThis permission allows Free Ringtones to read the contents of your memory card. How we protect your informationWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.6. Advertising and analytic services provided by otherWe work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. Children' s policyWe do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If you are a parent or guardian being aware that your child has provided us with information without his or her consent, you should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.8. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. To exercise this right please contact us by email at: 3456789liu@gmail.com.9. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. You will know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the updated date included at the beginning of the document. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. Contact UsIf you have any question or comments about this policy, please send email to: 3456789liu@gmail.com. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse