Why SoundHound?Products
Products
Our Platform
SoundHounds independent voice AI platform is built for more natural conversation. It is our mission to empower products across the globe with technologies that provide better user experiences, such as through our platforms that provide advanced voice and conversational intelligence. As the processor, SoundHound processes your information according to the instructions of the third-party provider of the Houndify-Enabled Product. These contractors are under a duty of confidentiality. When you use the Services, and when you have enabled such collection in your device or App settings, we may collect certain information maintained on your device to help us tailor our Services to you, such as the contact information in your devices address book, or your calendars stored on your device. SoundHound has deleted this data from its databases, except for certain audio recordings. Associated email addresses are retained for the purpose of fulfilling privacy requests. A session cookie enables certain features of our Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Services. You can also learn more by visiting our Cookie Policy . If you opt-in to our analytics and advertising cookies, third parties can access cookie information only from their own cookies. Please note that if you use YouTubes playback feature in our Apps, your use of YouTube is subject to YouTubes Terms of Service and Googles Privacy Policy. Please note that for our midomi website at www.midomi.com , any member profile information, media, music, audio recording, image, comment, or any other content posted onto midomi prior to May 2020 was publicly available and may have been collected and used by others. We may also rely on various legal grounds to collect, use, and otherwise process your information, including when:
We need your information to provide you with services and products requested by you, or to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to process your information;
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your information. You may stop our collection of location information in our Apps by managing your App settings or turning off location services for your device, if your device allows you to do so. You may opt-out of the processing by advertising service providers who may collect certain information from you when you use our Services and may use that or other information to serve you with advertisements that may be of greater interest to you. Some of these service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance . Please note that opting out via this setting will not affect our use or sharing of any information we have already collected. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm . For more information regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield Frameworks to authorize these data transfers, please review the section Privacy Shield Frameworks below . The right to say no to the sale of personal information. The right, in certain circumstances, to delete the information you have provided to us. (6) The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose. Our Cookie Policy provides information on how you can control your advertising preferences. This includes your explicit consent, performance of our contract obligations, and standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, SoundHound is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If you are under 13, do not use the Sites or Apps or send any information about yourself to us. To understand how the third-party provider of your Houndify-Enabled Product collects, uses or shares childrens information or to exercise your rights with respect to the third-party provider, please refer to the third-party providers privacy policy. When we do, we will post the changed policy on our Sites and in the Apps, and we will revise the Effective Date listed below. At our discretion, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of material changes, by email to any address you may have provided to us, through a pop-up window on the Sites or in the Apps, or other similar mechanism as appropriate under the circumstances. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy so you know how we are collecting, using, and sharing your information.