Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationMuzio Player (previously Audio Beats Player)Privacy Policy Welcome to Apps10X. Your privacy is important to us. We built the Music Player - Mp3 Player app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Apps10X at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Apps10X deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the'Google Play'Platform).Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. This data is collected to monitor the apps performance, identify causes for app crashes and overall improvement of the app. This data can also be sent manually from within the app when the user intends to do so. COOKIESCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse the use of these cookies. PERMISSIONSRead phone state: to pause playback for calls. Wake lock: keep phone awake during the playback. Internet: Fabric analytics and serving Ads. Read and write internal and external storage: to delete media as per user requirement and read media files. Access network state: verify internet connectivity. Camera permission: For capturing picture for edit album art or artist art directly through the app. LINKS TO OTHER SITESThis Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. CHILDREN'S PRIVACYThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. SECURITYWe are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.