BandLab Blog
From the Team
Tutorials
Guides
Community
Contests
Inspiration
Back to bandlab.com
From the Team
Tutorials
Guides
Community
Contests
Inspiration
Follow BandLab
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of 20 April 2023. Our Privacy Policy applies to those who use or access our Services. Once your account has been registered, your name, username and profile picture (if you have signed up using your Social Network ID) will automatically be displayed on your profile page and will be available to other users through the Services. This allows other users to identify you, find you, and refer to you properly. Content which you upload to the Services, which allows others to identify you (e.g. photos of you, audio recordings or text containing your name, voice, status updates, comments on content which refer to you). Communications between you and us (e.g. your reply to our service updates, emails to you, and support tickets). B. The following is Information which other users provide about you:
2.5. The Services may contain cookies, clear gifs (also known as web beacons or web bugs), or similar technology. A cookie is a piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser, which will store the cookie on your computer if your browser is enabled to accept cookies, or where you are a resident of the European Economic Area, if you have provided your consent to the use of cookies. Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Services and may help us or others provide reports or personalised content and ads. We rely on several lawful bases for different activities as follows:
3.1.1 Some processing is necessary for the performance of the contract (i.e. our Terms of Use) between you and us and / or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract. 3.1.3 Some processing is required where we are legally obliged to do so, or if the processing is in the public interest. We may share your Information with the following parties:
a) Related Entities: These are businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, or that become part of that group. b) Service Providers: These are our third party contractors. We engage them to assist us in providing and managing aspects of the Services, such as developing the Services features and functionality, marketing, processing payments, processing data or statistics, hosting content, providing server space, reviewing content for compliance with our Terms of Use, and legal advice. For instance, you may be notified of an upcoming concert or product release. d) Analytics Services: We may use third party analytics providers and products to obtain, compile and analyse Information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data), and may provide such Information to these analytics providers for the purpose of obtaining statistics and other information about how users are using and interacting with the Services. You can unfollow such other user(s) and unsubscribe from such updates at any time. If you delete Information or content which you have uploaded or posted on the Services, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services, unless you contact us to request permanent deletion as perSection 8.3below. We (or others on our behalf) may transfer your Information to other countries in which our facilities or businesses are located, to be stored or processed. We will ensure that where we transfer your personal data outside of Singapore, the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area, we will put in place all necessary safeguards to protect that personal data, in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may update this list periodically to reflect any new locations where your Information may be stored. On your part, you should maintain the secrecy of your account password at all times. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 13 years has provided us with Information without your consent, please email us at privacy@bandlab.com and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such Information is deleted from our systems. If you have any questions or feedback regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer:
Ivan Chen,privacy@bandlab.com
8.2. You may also ask us to transmit such Information to another party;
g) Right to object: This is your right to tell us to stop processing your Information;
h) Right not to be subject to automatic decision-making, including profiling: We sometimes use computers to study and analyse Information. We also recommend that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates. We will indicate the effective date of the notice. Share this:
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on TikTok
Follow us on Discord
Follow us on Reddit
Follow us on YouTube
 2023 BandLab Technologies