Privacy Policy "Piano Keyboard - Play Music" The company respects and attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal privacy. Definition Personal Information: refers to various information recorded electronically or other means that may determine the identity of a particular natural person, or reflect the activities of a particular natural person alone or in combination with other information other. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, please refer to the information types individuals listed in the "How We Collect and Use Personal Information" section Your Person". In order to better serve our customers, we may use the tool development toolkit third-party software tools (SDKs). ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Intended use: to get the status of network information, such as connection Is the current network valid? 4: Network permission android.permission. Transfer with express consent: After receiving your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties; 3. Disclosure of personal information specified by you in a disclosure to which you fully agree; 3. As required by laws and regulations, mandatory or required by law enforcement judicial, we will only publicly disclose your personal information in the the following case and on the basis of implementing standard security measures of the industry: 4. Matters directly related to public safety, public health and welfare major public interest; 4. In accordance with the law, the sharing and transfer of personal information has been de-identify and ensure that the recipient of the data cannot be recovered and identified the subject of personal information is not sharing, transferring or disclosing disclose personal information to the outside. 3) Personnel safety management We also strictly manage employees or outsourced employees who have may have access to your information, including but not limited to use different rights controls in different locations, sign agreements non-disclosure agreements with them and employees' access and mass access rights limited to system or legal conversion Requires system authorization of two or more administrators when cooperating with law enforcement. 4) Sensitive information and password protection tips Note about protecting sensitive personal information: information you share voluntarily or even publicity where using our services may involve your or someone else's personal information or even personally sensitive information. We will make sure that your information is not stolen lost, misused and altered through security measures such as backing up to another server and encrypt the user password. so that we have suitable remedial measures. ( In Under normal circumstances, you can browse, modify and delete the information you submit at any time at any time, but for security and identity reasons, some information cannot be modified Initial registration and verification information provided during registration. After closing some positions capacity, we will not be able to provide you with the respective services. After you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize all information about your account instantly. Access to Privacy Policy: We will remind you of Privacy Policy this when you first sign up for an account and decide for yourself to agree to it. For the collection of personal information of minors using the our products or services with the consent of a parent or guardian, We will only use, share and transfer the personal information of minors permitted by law and regulation, showing parental or guardian consent or is necessary to protect the minor or to disclose this information. How to update this policy (1) The Company may amend this privacy policy from time to time and We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your consent your express consent. ( 3) For major changes, we will also provide more prominent announcements (We will explain specific changes to the privacy policy by ways, but not limited to, text messages, private messages, and special reminders separate on the login page with a pop-up window). Our service model has undergone major changes. We have undergone major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as all changes due to business adjustments, mergers and acquisitions, property, etc; 3. Other third party products or services, which may include products or Websites and advertising are shown to you in personalized recommendations
personification or other products or websites linked to in the Service " Piano Keyboard - Play Music"; 2. Your use of these third-party services (including any personal information which you provide to these third parties) will be governed by these terms The services and privacy policies of these third parties (not the Privacy Policy this). How to contact us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy. Friend can contact us through the official message. In general, we will respond to your request within thirty days.