Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy for all apps created by Audio Master:In order to receive information about your Personal Data, the purposes and the parties the Data is shared with, contact the Owner. Data Controller and Owner Types of Data collectedThe owner does not provide a list of Personal Data types collected. Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection. The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application. Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner. Mode and place of processing the DataMethods of processingThe Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. PlaceThe Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller. Retention timeThe Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data. Additional information about Data collection and processingLegal actionThe User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services. The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. System logs and maintenanceFor operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).Information not contained in this policyMore details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. The rights of UsersUsers have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above. This Application does not support Do Not Track requests. To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the Do Not Track requests, please read their privacy policies. Personal Data (or Data)Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number. the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. UserThe individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers. Data SubjectThe legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Controller (or Owner)The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application. This ApplicationThe hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected. This privacy policy relates solely to Audio Master Applications. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse