Toggle navigation
About
Site rules and community guidelines
Welcome to UG Shots
What is the UG IQ? We at Ultimate Guitar respect the privacy concerns of the users of this
Service and have created this privacy policy to explain (1) what
information we gather from you when you visit our Service, (2) how we may
use such information, (3) your choices concerning how we may use such
information and (4) the security measures we take to protect such
information. Some information is collected on this Service automatically
through our technology; other information is collected only when you choose
to give it to us (e.g., when you set up an account, register for a contest
or sign up for a specific online transaction). Summary
Although you should read through the Policy for complete information on how
we collect, use, share, and secure information, the following provides a
summary of some the most important aspects of or our privacy practices:
We may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with
services, including to process payments you make, to improve our
services, and to provide you with information on upcoming events,
announcements, and contests. We agree to observe the following principles
when processing personal information:
Data will be processed fairly and in accordance with applicable law. Finally, without any specific approval from you, we may develop general
aggregate data (i.e., data that cannot be used to identify specific
individuals) about our user community that is partly based on information
about you and your transactions with Ultimate Guitar. For example,
hypothetically, you might be one of 1,000,000 customers between the ages of
25 and 35. Outside Ultimate Guitar
When you give Personal Information to Ultimate Guitar, we may ask you to
allow us to share that data (together with non-personally identifying
information you may provide) with our promotional partners and third-party
advertisers. We will not retrieve any Personal Information
shared with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers prior to
your decision to opt-out. We will disclose any information about you to
government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our
sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and
legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the
property and rights of Ultimate Guitar or a third party, to protect the
safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may
consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical or
legally actionable activity. You can access, review, update and correct Personal Information you have
provided us by clicking on the My Profile tab at the top of this page. Cookies make using this
Service easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and
preferences for you, keeping track of your shopping cart when you visit an
online store or other similar purposes, and to help identify you whenever
you return to our Service, so you do not need to reenter your
identification information. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page,
including an ad banner, can act as a Clear GIF. Typically, though, Clear
GIFs are very small (1-by-1 pixel size) files. Links to Other Sites
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the content or practices of
web sites operated by companies outside of Ultimate Guitar that may be
linked to this Service. You should not assume that their privacy policies
or practices are the same as those followed by our company or by other
Ultimate Guitar companies. Certain information that we collect may be exempt from the CCPA because it
is considered public information (because it is made available by a
government entity) or covered by another federal privacy law, such as the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act, or the Fair Credit Reporting Act. With regard
to transfers of personal information, we will (i) cooperate with inquiries
from the DPA responsible for the entity exporting the data and (ii) respect
its decisions, consistent with applicable law and due process rights. 1.5 Please take the time to read this Notice carefully. What Personal Data does
Ultimate Guitar collect and why? Minors
3.1 The Service we provide through the Website and the Apps is not intended
for individuals below the age of 13. You may only use Ultimate Guitar if you are over
the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws
of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of Ultimate
Guitar has been provided to us. The services these vendors provide to us are
transaction services (e.g., fulfillment, billing, mailing, storage or
delivery services), cloud storage, customer support, maintenance, database
management, analytics, advertisements (such as
LiveRamp), improvement of the Website's and Apps' features and advertising. (c) Purpose limitation: We will process Personal Data for
specified and legitimate purposes, and will not process it in a manner that
is incompatible with those purposes, unless permitted by applicable data
protection laws. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of
security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data. 7.2 We have put in place appropriate safeguards (which includes the
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses) to ensure that whenever
your Personal Data is transferred outside the EEA to countries that are not
deemed adequate by the European Commission, your Personal Data receives an
adequate level of protection in accordance with the GDPR. (c) If we have collected and process your Personal Data with your consent,
then you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe"
or "opt-out" link in the marketing e-mails we send you. When we update our Notice, we
will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the
significance of the changes we make. How to contact us
12.1 If you have any questions or comments, or if you wish to exercise your
data protection rights, please contact us via
[emailprotected]
.