RadioLy
0
Your Basket
Number of items in cart: 0
Your cart is empty. This SERVICE is provided byRadioLY at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumers data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers. Request that a business that sells a consumers data, not sell the consumers personal data. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification  You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. The right to erasure  You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing  You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability  You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at support@radioly.com
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your devices internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Childrens Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Add to playlist
Create new
Playlist title
Save
Someting went wrong, try later
Add to playlist
Added