Please read this document in conjunction with our Terms of Service and our Cookies Policy. We aim to maintain consistently high levels of best practice in our processing of your Information. This Policy is intended to assist you in making informed decisions about your Information when using the Services provided by us. For example:When you register on our website, for a product or other service, you may provide us with certain Information including your name, email address, user name, password and demographic InformationIf you sign up to our service via a social network we may use the profile Information you enable us to access regarding your interests. Different services operated by us may ask for different pieces of Information. 5.3 Behavioural Advertising  customer-relevant advertisingWe believe that advertising is more interesting to you when it is relevant. Accordingly, we may customise the advertisements that you see based upon:The Information you voluntarily provide to usGeographic location Information, which we may determine through your IP address, from your mobile device, or other waysData we receive from third partiesYour visits to our website or your use of our services (commonly referred to as "Behavioural Advertising"). Please see our Cookie Policy for further Information. Advertisers or other third parties using our website may also engage in Behavioural Advertising and use cookies and other technologies s in the manner in our Cookie Policy. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details of how to delete cookies. If you change your computer, change your browser or delete certain cookies, you will need to renew your preferences.6 Correct or review your personal informationYou can access, review, update and correct Personal Information you have provided us by clicking on the Edit Profile and/or Edit account link. This includes exchanging Information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of third parties. You should be aware that any Information which you post to these interactive forums or otherwise choose to make publicly available, may be disclosed and available to all users who have access to that portion of our website or services. Please note that:Even if you delete Information, we may retain your Information in conformance with our data retention policy most specifically for legal and tax reasons and to honour your opt-out requests; andWe do not keep Information longer than we deem necessary. We will delete all data and Information connected to your use of our Services. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or your dealings with any other third party service provider, is subject to that websites or third party service providers own rules and policies. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Information collected by us through our website or services and does not apply to these third party websites and third party service providers.10 Where we store your informationThe Information that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored and processed at a destination outside the European Economic Area, (all EU countries plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). By submitting Information to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.11 Security of your informationWe follow appropriate security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your Information so as to prevent unauthorised access by third parties. However, unfortunately, the transmission of Information via the Internet is not completely secure. So, we cannot ensure the security of your Information transmitted by you to us via the internet. If you discover a potential security vulnerability, we would appreciate it if you could report it just to us in a responsible manner. This provides us with an opportunity to work with you and quickly address and resolve any issue. Any other details you choose to share according to your specific account settings. We provide access to our Websites for third parties and business partners so that we can generate interest in our products and services among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product and service interests with friends in your network.13.3 We do not control how your personal Information is collected, stored or used by such third party sites or to whom it is disclosed. We hope you enjoy receiving and reading them. In respect of this policy, please also refer to our Cookies Policy.14.1 Automated Spam FilteringWe automatically scan all incoming electronic messages and filter out those that appear to be spam. In the unlikely event you are in receipt of email communication from ProGuitar which could be considered as spam, we encourage you to report it to us by forwarding a copy to us at: webmaster@proguitar.comWe will fully investigate any reports of abuse.15 How to contact usIf you have any questions or complaints about our Privacy Policy, you can contact our customer service department at webmaster@proguitar.com. However, if your question raises one or more issues that affect our promotional partners, we may also share your question with them in order to provide a response.16 Changes in This Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time.