USER INFORMATION
Who is the controller of your personal data? SupersStar Labs, S.L.
is the CONTROLLER of the USERs personal data and informs him/her that these data shall be
processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April (GDPR) and the Organic Law
3/2018 of 5 December (LOPDGDD)
Why do process your personal data? To maintain a commercial relationship with the user. Conduct market research and statistical analysis. Send the online newsletter on news, offers and promotions in our activity
Specific processing:
The controller will be able to access any piece of data that is necessary to carry out the functions of the specific
service of every app within the device. Data usage: Interactions with the products
Shopping: Follow the users shopping experience to improve or personalize it. In any case, permission will be requested to access this data. The user will be able to refuse the data
processes previously mentioned, and the app wont offer the functionalities that depend on them. For how long will we keep your personal data? No communication of personal data to third parties is foreseen except, if necessary for the development and execution
of the purposes of the processing, to our suppliers of services related to communications, with which the
CONTROLLER has signed the confidentiality and data processor contracts required by current privacy regulations. The rights of the USER are:
Right to withdraw consent at any time. The right to file a claim with the Spanish Supervisory Authority (www.aepd.es) if you consider that the
processing does not comply with the current legislation. In case you do not agree with this Policy, please, do not continue
interacting with the App. When using the App, users may voluntarily provide their Personal Data, when making a purchase in the app, for instance. In addition, users may have their Personal Data collected indirectly by tools that mange statistical analyses on the App usability and information
on errors to guarantee the stability of our product. No other user data is collected by the App ore collected. Nonetheless, in case the user is willing to obtain more detailed information about the processed commented above, contact Super Star Labs using our contact at admin@superstar-labs.com. Email: admin@superstar-labs.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: Avenida Alcalde Daz Saavedra Navarro, 31, 2 planta, CP: 35001, Las Palmas de Gran Canarias, Las Palmas. SECURITY MEASURES
That in accordance with the provisions of the current regulations on the protection of personal data, the
CONTROLLER is complying with all the provisions of the GDPR and LOPDGDD regulations for processing the
personal data for which they are responsible, and is manifestly complying with the principles described in Article 5 of
the GDPR, by which they are processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner in relation to the data subject and
appropriate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. COOKIES POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
INFORMATION ABOUT COOOKIES
Due to the coming into force of the amendment to the Law on Services of the Information Society (LSSICE) established
by Spanish Royal Decree 13/2012, it is mandatory to obtain the express consent of the user of all web pages that use nonessential cookies before browsing them. Behavioural advertising cookies:
collect information on the users personal preferences and choices (retargeting)
in order to allow management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces which, if applicable, the
editor has included in a website, application or platform from where the requested service is provided. Social cookies: established by the social network platforms in the services to allow content to be shared with
friends and networks. DEPENDING ON THE STORAGE PERIOD
Session cookies: are a type of cookie designed to collect and store data as long as the user accesses a website. - Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of data and the limitation or objection to their processing. Usually used
to maintain an anonymised user session by the server. Session
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Third-party services are beyond the control of the editor. However, some of the saved information (e.g. login data or website preferences) may also
be lost
Manage site specific cookies
For more precise control of site specific cookies, users can adjust their privacy settings
and cookies in their browser
Manage site specific cookies
While most modern browsers can be configured to prevent cookies from being installed
on a device, this may require the manual adjustment of certain preferences each time a
site or page is visited. In addition, some services and features may not work properly (for
example, profile logins). HOW TO DELETE COOKIES FROM MOST COMMON BROWSERS
Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=es
Internet Explorer. Version 11
https://support.microsoft.com/es-es/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Firefox.