Anchor
Company
About UsMission & ValuesLeadershipBoard of DirectorsRecognitionMilestones
Experience HARMANHARMAN develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services. Driven to ExcelFrom multiple GRAMMY Awards to accolades for engineering excellence,HARMAN people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performancesInventors, Disruptors and Rock StarsHARMAN is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business. Unparallel audio experiences wherever you areWhether at home, on the go, or in your car, HARMANs iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment. Digital Transformation Solutions (Strategic Business Unit)Professional Services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world. Responsible and environmentally sound business practicesHARMAN is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come. Press ReleasesCorporate, product, and news-worthy announcements. This Privacy Statement explains how we process, store, share, and protect the Personal Information that you provide when you use our products and solutions, our website (the Site"), or otherwise interact with the Company. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, Personal Information" means information that relates to you as an individually identifiable person, such as your name, e-mail address, and mobile number. Vendors: Including companies that sell our products. The following are some of the ways we share your Personal Information:
Third-Party Service Providers: We will share your Personal Information with third-party service providers under contract with HARMAN to help us provide services to you. The following are some examples of the types of third-party service providers with which we share your Personal Information and our purpose for doing so:
Data Analytics: We retain third-party service providers to help us perform data analytics regarding your interactions with the Site. These services can help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of the Site and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of the Site. Required Disclosures: We may be required to share Personal Information in a court proceeding, in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law. We have technical, administrative, and physical security measures in place to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access or disclosure and improper use. Be sure to close your browser after you have completed your visit to the Site. Because HARMAN is a global company with locations all over the world, the location in which HARMAN stores the Personal Information that the Company collects from you outside of this Sitefor example, when you contact us or directly interact with HARMAN at a trade show or conferencewill depend on your country of residence. Cross-Border Data Transfers:In order to provide our Services, your Personal Information may need to be accessed by our entities across the world, including in the United States. HARMAN also processes Personal Information as necessary for its legitimate interests as follows:
Marketing and advertising: Unless you opt out as described below, we use your Personal Information regarding products and services you have ordered, or in which you have otherwise demonstrated an interest, as necessary to provide you information about the products and services that we think might interest you in accordance with applicable law. Network and information security, fraud prevention, and reporting suspected criminal acts: In the event of fraud, a security incident, or a suspected criminal act, we would examine Personal Information that appeared to be linked to the incident as necessary to determine what happened, remediate, report to the authorities, and prevent a recurrence. Alternatively, you may email HARMAN at unsubscribe@harman.com with your request, stating 'Unsubscribe' in the header and what email addresses you wish not to receive HARMAN emails. EEA Individuals also have the right to object to the processing of their Personal Information for purposes of HARMAN's direct marketing or legitimate interests through Harmans
Data Inquiry and Privacy Request website. BrazilThe information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled All locations outside of the United States," applies to residents of Brazil. HARMAN will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law. Data Protection Officer / "Person in Charge":HARMAN's data protection officer in Brazil, or person in charge" of overseeing the processing of Personal Information, is the Company's IT Coordinator, who can be reached atBrazilPrivacy@harman.com. Residents of the PRC may withdraw their consent for the processing of their Personal Information, where HARMAN requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their Personal Information, at any time through Harmans
Data Inquiry and Privacy Request website. Any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and HARMAN will continue to retain the Personal Information that residents of the PRC provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law. CaliforniaThis section of the Privacy Statement only applies to consumers who are residents of the state of California in the United States (California Consumers") and it applies to all Personal Information of California consumers collected or disclosed for a business purpose by HARMAN. Information We Collect & Our Business Purpose For Collection:In the last 12 months, HARMAN used the categories of Personal Information listed herethat we collected from the following sources:Directly from California ConsumersFrom the technology providers detailed aboveFrom the third-party service providers detailed aboveHARMAN collected the Personal Information of California Consumers for the business and commercial purposes listed
here. In the email we will ask you to reply with at least two pieces of information to verify your identity, dependent on the nature of your request and the sensitivity of the information that is the subject of your request. Changes To This Privacy StatementIf we change this Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Statement update date above.