Company
About
Contacts
Blog
Products
Careers
Music One
For Influencers
Publishing
GISMART PRIVACY POLICY
Gismart Limited (Gismart, we, us or our) is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 10152488 and a registered address at Huckletree Soho, Ingestre Court, Ingestre Place, London, W1F 0JL, United Kingdom. When you use Gismarts Karaoke app, Cool Goal! app, Domino Smash app, Music Zen app, the Beat Maker Go app or other apps provided on a mobile platform or our corporate website available atgismart.com and at musiczen.app (each being, our Platform, collectively, the Platforms), we may collect, store and process some data, including personal data. California residents may have different or additional rights. If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please dont hesitate to contact us. If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Platforms. In such case, you must (a) delete your account using the functionality found in Settings in the App, or contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) cancel any subscriptions using the functionality provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are using Android); and (c) delete the App from your devices. Correspondence Data
This includes the information you provide when you request support through our Platforms, contact us via the email address provided in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on our website and your views, opinions and feedback which you choose to provide in relation to the Platforms and our services, including any comment facilities and message boards. Payment data
Our Platforms include purchasesdirectlyin the application (including subscriptions) and/orpurchases directlythrough our website. If you want to make a purchasein the application, you may do this with the help ofpayment system provided by Google Play (managed by Google) or AppStore (managed by Apple) and integrated into the apps. We do not store such information on our servers. Legitimate interests
User Content
To enable you to use our Platforms and services
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To share the User Content with other users of the Platform by making it available on the Platform. To identify and respond to potential risks to the security of our Platforms (for example spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping and other actions which may violate our Terms of Use). By using our Platforms, you consent for us to store your personal data in line with legal, regulatory, financial and good-practice requirements. We use cookies and other software development kits (SDKs) and third-party libraries. Our Platforms uses the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Platforms. Tracking ID
Every iOS and Google Android device has a unique Tracking ID, for iOS devices, called an Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and for Android devices, called a Google Advertising ID (AAID). You may block cookies by updating the relevant settings on your device or browser to allow you to refuse the setting of some or all types of cookies. We may need to share your personal data with selected third parties in the following circumstances:
Third party service providers
This may include providers of certain systems and services that we use to host, administer and maintain our Platforms, including for example the servers used to host our Platforms, email service providers, payment processors, fraud prevention vendors, analytics, customer service providers and other service providers. A list of these third-party service providers and business partners their privacy policies is available at gismart.com/partners. Group companies
We are an international organization, with businesses both inside and outside of the European Union (EU). If Gismart Limited (or substantially all of its assets) is acquired by a third party, your personal data held by Gismart Limited, or within such assets, may be transferred to such third party. We will not transfer your personal data outside of the EU, except as set out in paragraph 5 above, for example if we utilise cloud-based platforms to store personal data, which may involve use of geographically distributed data centres. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted pursuant to lawful processing grounds other than consent. To exercise your rights, please contact our data protection officer at[emailprotected]or write to us at the address set forth in the Contact section. X. OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
Our Platforms are not intended for children (under the age of 13 or such higher age as required by applicable law). Children should not use our Platforms or send us any personal data about themselves at any time. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Please review our Privacy Notice for California Residents
XII. Gismart Limited
Huckletree Soho, Ingestre Court, Ingestre Place,
London, W1F 0JL,
United Kingdom
Gismarts EU Representative
You may contact Gismarts EU representative at the address below. Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.