Toggle navigation
Radio
TV
Sign in with Facebook
Create an account
Sign in
Welcome to Streema! Weve updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By continuing to use Streema youre agreeing with our updated terms. Sign up with Facebook
Sign up with Google
OR
Sign up with your Email
Already a user? Close
Hi
Your comment is being published. Thanks for keeping alive the conversation. Our Privacy Policy applies to the information that is processed by Streema in the course of providing the Streema Service, which consists of our websites ("Sites"), including Streema.com, as well as our applications made available for mobile devices ("Simple Radio"), including the Simple Radio applications for the iOS platform, available on the Apple App Store, and the Android platform, available on Google Play, and any and all future offerings operated by or on behalf Streema. Information Collected and Received from You and How We Use It
The types of information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (the Personally Identifiable Information) we may collect (directly from you or from third-party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Streema and the requirements of applicable law. In addition to the above, we may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. Streema may use Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and the Streema Service that may be of interest, including new content or the Streema Service via the email address you provide. You may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your Personally Identifiable Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 3 (Opt-Out (Right to Object to Processing)) below. We may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes. Streema will collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use Simple Radio, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Sites may not work properly. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Sites that collects information about users engagement on that web page. This analytics data is not tied to any Personally Identifiable Information. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of the Streema Service, including as part of our analytic practices to help us measure the traffic to our Sites and to understand how our visitors use the Streema Service, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our content, the Streema Service, or tools;
Functionality Related. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using the Streema. You should be aware that Personally Identifiable Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. E. Third-Party Payment Processing
When you make purchases through the Streema Service, we process your payments through a third-party application, including the App Stores. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information. B. International Data Transfers
You agree that all your Personally Identifiable Information collected via or by Streema may be transferred to, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Where you have consented to Streemas processing of your Personally Identifiable Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of further processing by contacting us at info@streema.com. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-Personally Identifiable Information regarding your activities on our Sites and/or information from the advertisements on third-party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. If we update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the email address specified in your account or by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Streema.com website, and we will update the date above to indicate when those changes will become effective.