PRIVACY POLICY
Volume Booster
[Last Amended: July 18, 2021]
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy), is an integral part of our End User License Agreement (EULA), and governs the processing and transfer of personal data collected or processed by Zipo Apps Ltd. (Company, we, us or our) when you accessing or using our mobile application or our services, all as detailed in the applicable EULA (respectively the App and Service). In the event you are a California resident and the CCPA applies to you  please also review our CCPA Privacy Notice. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you are welcome to contact us at: support.volumebooster@zipoapps.com
This Privacy Policy explains our data collection practices that are applicable toward any users of our App or our Services (you or your). For the purpose of operating our Services and App, we use several service providers as detailed in this Policy (collectively Service Providers):
In app payment providers;
Advertising partners;
Fraud prevention and analytic tools; and
Tracking tools. We contractually ensure our Service Providers comply with applicable data protection laws. The first type of information is non-identifiable and anonymous information (Non-Personal Data). Further, during the registration process you will be supplied with username and password for your account, at which time you thereby represent and warrant that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your details and password. You represent and warrant that you will not provide us with inaccurate, misleading or false information. In addition, we may process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, for example, to send you marketing and promotional messages and offers related to our Services. In addition, in certain features we will use your Access Fine Location permission in the background while you are using the App so that we are able to locate the wifi networks and connection to provide the Services. We will process this data solely upon your active explicit consent though in-app notifications. Push Notifications:We may store Firebase Cloud Messages token. If you wish to stop getting push notifications, you may do so simply by disables push notifications on your devices settings or uninstall the app. This information will be processed to allow us to send push notification to users from our server. In most cases, this data will not include Personal Data, however we treat this information as Personal Data as we may be able to reasonably identify you. We use this data in order to maintain, support, improve, protect and manage our App and Services. Profiling Data:When you using our App we may display advertisement, our partners, the advertisers may place an SDK (as detailed below) and collect certain data on you for the purpose of displaying advertisement. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience. Technical Data:We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Data which relates to your use of our App such as: the type and version of device, application, or browser used, operating system, or time zone setting, country, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs. As the technical data is Non-Personal Data it does not require a lawful basis. In addition, we may share your Personal Data to prevent harm to the rights or safety of our users or any applicable third party. Our Affiliated Companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy. SDK & TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our Services and some of our Service Providers utilize cookies or software development kits (SDK) anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies (collectively, Tracking Technologies) which help us provide and improve our Services, personalize your experience and monitor the performance of our activities and campaigns, as well as the usage of our Apps and Services as a whole. The rights may include one or all of the following: (i) request to amend your Personal Data we store accessing; (ii) review and access your Personal Data that we hold; (iii) request to delete your Personal Data that we hold (as long as we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining the data); (iv) restrict or object to the process your Personal Data; (v) exercise your right of data portability (vi) contact to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction and file a complaint; and (vii) withdraw consent (to the extent applicable). DATA TRANSFER
We use Google Cloud which are located in EU, US and Asia. Further, certain processing activities are conducted in Israel, or other countries. Further, when Personal Data collected within the EU is transferred outside the EU (and not to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection) it shall be transferred under the provisions of the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Union. CHILDREN
Our App and Services are intended for general audience and is not directed to persons under 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from people under 13 years old. In the event that we made any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to provide you with notification with respect to such changes, if we are required to do so by applicable law.