By using this site, you acknowledge we use cookies to enhance your experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect about you in the course of our business, including through Bose websites and online forums, products, mobile applications, services, marketing activities, research, retail locations, and other online or offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Bose. Back to top
The information we collect
The information we collect about you depends on the Services you use, how you use them, and the information you provide to us. Financial and transactional information, such as credit card information, and purchase and transaction history. Information about the services and content you access via your Bose product or software, such as media, external sources, and third-party services you connect to your Bose product or software, user IDs service tokens that allow you to access and sync to your third-party accounts, and content accessed via your product or software (e.g., sleep tracks, stations, playlists, artists, albums, songs, or podcasts). Usage and interaction information, such as date and time spent using different features of your product or software, sensor data (e.g., head orientation and movement), fit information of your wearable product, button presses, volume levels, system presets, and environmental data (e.g., noise levels and audio frequencies of sounds around you). We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of any third-party websites, applications, or social media platforms you choose to use. Please see our Cookies Noticeto learn more. These service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services and on third-party services to collect information that can be used to track users over time and across services. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of our websites, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser. To learn more about Adobes privacy practices and to make choices regarding their tracking activities, please visit Adobes website. However, we do work with online analytics and advertising partners to: (1) better understand the use of our Services so that we can improve our Services; and (2) deliver Bose advertisements that are more tailored to you both on our Services and on third-party Services. They use these technologies to collect information about your activities on these services in order to deliver you more relevant advertising. You can learn about how to opt out of receiving personalized online advertisements from our advertising partners by following the instructions in the Your rights and choices section below, and through our Cookies Noticein the Cookie management section. For our business operations, including maintaining your account, reviewing and processing employment applications, and for security, fraud prevention, and legal compliance, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. To recognize a user across multiple touchpoints. This helps us to better understand your needs and preferences, and provide you with a more seamless and personalized experience across these different touchpoints. Other purposes for which we seek your consent. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Privacy Policy are as follows:
Where use of your information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract or commitment to you. For example, keeping track of purchases for tax and auditing purposes. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information. Your legal rights to exercise such controls and choices vary based on the laws of your jurisdiction. While we do not sell your information in exchange for money, we may use analytics or online advertising tools that result in the disclosure of your information to our third-party partners and that are subject to this opt out right. You also have the choice to exercise the following controls regarding your information:
Limit the information you provide to us. Adjust your marketing and communication preferences:
Opt out of marketing from Bose by following the instructions located at the bottom of our email marketing messages or, where available, logging into your My Bose account and adjusting your marketing communications preferences. This feature may vary by mobile device; please see your device settings or contact your device manufacturer for more information. If we make material changes to the Policy, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective, in accordance with applicable legal requirements. The Bose data controller responsible for your information is as follows:
If you live in the United States, Latin America, or Canada, Bose Corporation (located at The Mountain Road, Framingham, MA 01701) is the data controller for your information.