JavaScript RequiredAudiomack requires JavaScript to be enabled in order to function correctly. Our Privacy Policy is designed to do two things: protect individual user privacy, and support free listening that pays artists, labels, and content creators. Listeners deserve a great music service even if they cant afford a monthly subscription. User Bill of Rights1 - Audiomack will only collect the minimum amount of data necessary. We will, for example, store data on what songs you play on our platform to enable better recommendations in the future, let artists know when their music is being listened to, and provide our label partners with aggregate stream counts necessary for accounting.2 - Audiomack does not sell data. We need to run ads to keep our service alive. Examples of data we may transfer to advertisers are IDFA or Android Advertising ID for app users, non-identifiable browser information for web users (language, browser name, e.g. Chrome or Safari, etc), genre of a song being listened to, and location to ensure ads reach a user in the correct country and city. Most importantly, we do not allow ad providers to tie an ad request (when your mobile device or browser requests an ad on page load) to your Audiomack profile. If you want to delete your account and your personal data, you can contact us by sending an email to privacy@audiomack.com from the email address associated with your account OR by logging into your account and submitting a support ticket requesting that Audiomack erase any and all personal data tied to your account. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to support@audiomack.com.1 - Introduction/OverviewThis Privacy Policy explains how Audiomack, a music service and mobile app owned and operated by Audiomack Inc., collects, uses, and manages your personal data. By using the Platform, you consent to;Our use of cookies and other related technologies;Our use of cookies and other related technologies;The transfer of your information to a 3rd party outside of the country you reside in;The collection, processing, use, and sharing of your information;The public availability of certain kinds of personal information you elect to share by registering for an account, and your controls for sharing such information.2 - Information we collect about youUsers who visit but do not register for the Platform may have limited amounts of personal data collected. You may elect to provide us with certain other personal information such as personal/artist biography, hometown, profile photo, and links to your profiles on other social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc).We also collect and display the date of your initial user registration on your user profile as a month and year - e.g. August 20.You may also provide certain personal data such as email address and IP address if you use our Contact Us tools, on-site forms, or send us an email regarding support, your account, or other topics. You may also provide other personal information through your use of the site and posting of audio material, in the track description, comments, or title fields. Metrics concerning the duration, time, and frequency of your visits to and interactions with the Platform. Device sensor data including lat/long and/or geolocation. Information you share via your use of the Platform:Any information you provide in your public profile (username, name, location, social media feeds) and/or use of the Platform (plays, favorites, following, re-ups, playlists) is public and may be seen by other users on the Platform or by Audiomack administrators. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as device ID. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website. Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. You may refuse to accept cookies from the Audiomack and/or the Platform by declining the Desktop Notification policy that appeared to you the first time you viewed Audiomacks Desktop Platform(s). Cookies are essential for many simple functions such as recognizing a repeat visitor as logged in, and providing access to your account, favorites, playlists, and profile. Additionally, mobile users may be tracked using Device ID and/or hashed data to identify repeat mobile usage. Please bear in mind that profile data that is updated may take a few hours or another reasonable period of time to update internally. However, please bear in mind that it may still show up on internet search engines for some time after deletion due to caching. Please note, logging out of or deleting the mobile app from your device does not delete your user account. Please be aware that not all countries have the same data storage and privacy laws as the United States, and by using the Audiomack Platform you consent to the storage, transfer, collection, and transmission of your data to other territories as necessary.8 - LinksThe Platform contains links to third-party content, advertisements, and sites that are not owned by nor affiliated with Audiomack Inc.. We cannot be held accountable for the content or privacy policy of third- party sites. If you are the parent/guardian of a child under the Age Limit and believe we have collected such information, please contact us immediately at support@audiomack.com and it will be promptly removed.10 - Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may, at our sole discretion, change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Your continued use of the Platform constitutes acceptance of any new or changed terms in this Privacy Policy. Switch to the AppNot NowThe Power to Upload Right at Your Fingertips.