Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationCat Translator PolicyCat Translator Privacy PolicyContact usTerms of useCat Translator PolicyCat Translator Privacy PolicyINFORMATION COLLECTION RELATING TO CHILDRENWe consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at kmr.dma@gmail.com. In order to preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Applications, we age-gated some of the features in our applications, so that they are not available for use by children under 13. If you do not pass the gate the features enabling potential collection and sharing of personally identifiable information are disabled for your device ID. For your safety, it is not possible to change your age later on. We do not store your year of birth but only the information whether your device ID passed the age gate or not. The only personal information we collect from you for the purposes of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, IDFA, IDFV, IP address).When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact you, display behavioral advertising to you, nor do any user tracking or profiling. In addition, we strive that all of our advertising partners adhere to the same standards for the collection, usage and disclosure of your personal information as we do, but we can however not be responsible if they breach the commitments they gave to us regarding the collection of information. For any additional questions about third party information disclosure please refer to kmr.dma@gmail.comWe will send push notifications to users who allow us to do so in order to reengage them in terms of using the Application. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions in section Push Notifications of this Privacy Policy. We strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will always be family-friendly. Push notifications are local, contextual and sent in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user information. IN-APP PURCHASESOur Applications enable in-app purchases. Although some of our Applications are free, they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases. We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Applications or the Website by ourselves. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions, Downloads, and Traffic Sources into a Google Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. Third party analytics providers have the right to process the data in accordance with their privacy policies (https://dev.flurry.com/termsOfService.do;jsessionid=uqkgc0o2r5m2 and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#nosharing) and such collection and processing is limited to the disclosure in aggregated manner, for the purposes of showing trends about the use of their services, for advertising services and marketing purposes. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature. Third party tracking providers: For some Applications we may track installs through our tracking providers such as Adjust for the purposes of measuring our advertising campaign performance. Third party advertising providers: The Applications may incorporate third-party dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology which enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the Application. MobFox, Ads Yolo, Token Ads, Offers Total, Ad Sense, WAPSTART, PML, Plenus, Vserve, LifeStreet, Smaato, 4th Screen, mBrands3, Greystripe, Facebook, mNectar, Mezzo Media, NAS Media, Mocoplex, TNK Factory, i-Mobile, Marimedia, Todacell, IQzone, Adways, Applifier, Google (Adx), Opera Media, AppLovin, Tapsense, Unity 3D (Applifier), mPoint Media, Ad Japon, Play Haven, Yahoo, Manage.com, Smadex, Thirdpresence, Seventynine, Flurry Inc, Ironsource Neon, Appgrade, SuperAwesome Trading Ltd, Smartstream. We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Applications or the Website. These changes shall be updated twice a year or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.