Privacy Policy
radio.net App
Deutsche Version
Preamble
With this Privacy Policy, we would like to inform you about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and processing of your personal data when using the mobile radio.net app (hereinafter also referred to as the App) operated by radio.de GmbH, Mhlenkamp 59, 22303 Hamburg, Germany (hereinafter also referred to as radio.de, we and us). radio.de does not have any influence on the extent of any such data collection. Such data are not attributable to you as an identified person. This gives you the opportunity to create a favourites list of stations and songs that you can retrieve in your user profile. When you use the content provided in our App, we will collect and process the following personal data:
- Your user profile, if created, consisting of the minimum information required and any potential additional data;
- Log files;
- Your location. Please also note the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy on your rights regarding the protection of your personal data. This link ensures that we receive the basic user data saved by Google and approved by you for third party services, i.e. the data which are publicly visible on your Google profile along with your email address. We will only collect, process and save your email address to the extent required in order to send the newsletter and ensure the security of our systems. Any personal data collected as part of your use of our App will only be processed by radio.de and third parties stated in this Privacy Policy. Personal data stored in your user profile will be erased if you delete your user profile or if such storage is no longer permissible for other reasons. As a result, the collection of cookies makes it easier for you to use our services and allows us to better understand your user behaviour and be able to offer you suitable content and tailored services in line with your requirements. The legal basis for collecting data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If IP anonymisation is activated by radio.de, however, your IP address will first be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or other States party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by Google and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in Google's privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. You may prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your mobile device; however, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. As a user, you can also prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and related to your use of our App by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by disabling the Analytics button in the App. For more information about protecting your privacy, please consult Accengage's privacy notices:https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/.
InfoOnline
radio.de uses the Scaleable Centralised Measuring System [Skalierbares Zentrales Messverfahren (SZM)] of INFOnline GmbH, Brhler Str. As an alternative way to recognise devices, the SZM range measurement uses either a cookie or a signature generated from various information transferred automatically from your mobile device. Your identity will always remain protected. You will not receive any ads via the system. However, radio.de wishes to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this App. A cookie (conversion cookie) is placed on your mobile device by Google Adwords for this purpose if you have reached a website to download our App via a Google Ad, and the App was therefore downloaded. In order to activate ads in our App (text ads, banners etc.), Google will not link your IP address to other data stored by Google. The information stored in the cookie may be collected, processed and stored by Google Adsense or third parties as well. In addition, Google Adsense also makes use of so-called Web Beacons (small invisible graphics), the use of which enables the recording, collection and evaluation of basic actions, such as visitor traffic to the App. You can find out more information about this feature at https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads/..
Facebook SDK
radio.de uses the Software Development Kit (SDK) provided by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (Facebook). In addition, a users individual activities within the App can be analysed in order to be able to better define the target group for advertising campaigns in a more precise manner. YOC also uses cookies, text files that are stored on your mobile device. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this App is usually transferred to a YOC server and stored there.