Your privacy on Deezer
Updated June 2022
At Deezer, we care about your privacy and we want you to be comfortable with how we use your personal data. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, would like to contact our Customer Care or Data Protection Officer, or would like to submit a complaint, you can contact us through this form. We collect the following personal data when you sign up to Deezer and use our service. Financial info
Payment info*, transactions*Provided by you when you subscribe to a paid plan or a try & buy offer. Location
Coarse location (IP address)Collected by us when you sign in and use Deezer. User content
Photos, audio data*, Customer Care requestsProvided by you when you use Deezer or when you contact our Customer Care. Search history
Searches performed on Deezer*Provided by you when you search content on Deezer. Diagnostics
Crash data, performance dataCollected by us if the experience crashes while using Deezer. Use of personal data
We use your data only when we have a legal basis to do so. Depending on the circumstances, we may process your data with your consent, because it is necessary to fulfill our contract with you or comply with the law, or because we believe that the processing is in our or others legitimate interests (provided that such interests dont override your interests, rights, and legitimate expectations). We dont use any algorithms to make any decision that would significantly affect you without human review. We only use your data for the purposes described below. We use an external payment provider and therefore dont store your payment method details. You can consent or object to such use in your cookie settings. When sending you an email, we use pixel tags to know whether it has been read. This helps us to optimize our email campaigns and send you fewer emails if you dont read them. If you use our free service, we use your user ad profile to display targeted ads for Deezer on our or third-party sites or apps, exclude you from certain ad campaigns, and set capping so as not to present the same ad too repetitively. If you object, only generic and less-relevant ads will be served. Contact info
Name, email address, phone number, social logins, age, gender
Identifiers
User ID, device IDs
Financial info
Payment info, transactions
Location
Coarse location
Usage data
Product interaction, advertising data
User content
Photos, audio data, Customer Care request
Search history
Searches
Diagnostics
Crash data, performance data
Retention of personal data
We keep your data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law. The retention periods specified below start from the date of your last interaction with Deezer. When implementing and improving these safeguards, we take into account the state of the art, the nature of the processing, the sensitivity of the data, and the potential threats and risks. We restrict and limit access to your data  via access controls  and monitor who accesses, uses, and transfers your personal data  via logs and audit trails. Business partners and service providers with whom we share your data are also required to comply with strong data privacy, confidentiality and security contractual requirements. Some of these recipients may be located in countries other than the one you are in, and these countries may not guarantee a level of personal data protection equivalent to that of your country. You can contact our Data Protection Officer through this form for more information on data sharing. Service providers
We regularly engage service providers to perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as hosting and storing data, operating and maintaining our infrastructures, collecting payments, or providing analytics or advertising services. Partners
On occasion, we may share your data - limited to what is necessary - with some of our partners, such as telecommunication operators, media companies or other retailers distributing our offers, music labels and recording companies, or audio device manufacturers. We also require them to protect your data. Data deletion
You can delete your account and all personal data associated with your account in your account settings (Account management / Manage my account / DELETE MY ACCOUNT) or by contacting our Customer Care via this form. You can also unsubscribe from our communications in your notification preferences.