This Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information we collect from you, and your rights in relation to that information. In addition, we may provide you with just-in-time disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific parts of our Service. When you create an account with us, we will request you to provide certain personal information, which may include: name, e-mail address, and password. When you register an account with us, you may connect your iTunes or Android payment account with our Service or provide us with your digital currency information. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information about the cookie data we collect and how you can manage it. We collect your geolocation data when you use our Service. For users that upload content to our Service, we may populate your content submissions with publicly available information from other platforms, which may include personal information about you. We describe how we use your personal information below:A.To Provide Our Service. Unlike marketing communications, service-related communications are not promotional in nature. D.To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms, Agreements or Policies. We want you to have the best possible experience on our Service, which is why we personalize our Service to your preferences (e.g., language selection, time zone, etc.), We cannot ensure your continued enjoyment of our Service without processing your personal information for such purposes. We apply technical, administrative, and physical security measures to your personal information when we use it for research and development purposes, such as pseudonymizing or de-identifying your information, where possible, and limiting access to personnel that conducts research and development. We process your personal information, such as your contact information, to send you marketing communications, provide you with information about upcoming events, webinars or other relevant materials, and to deliver targeted marketing to you. All our Service Providers are required by contract to handle your personal information in accordance with this Policy. We cannot control such communications nor the processing of your personal information that you choose to make available to others. Our Service allows you to interact with third-party apps and websites, friends and family, other users, and more. Please note, once you decide to share information with others, we no longer control how such information may be used by the third parties in receipt of your personal information. We will share your personal information in the event we believe, in good faith, that such a disclosure would protect your interests or rights, or the interests or rights of others, including the Company and its personnel. As permitted by law, we will try to inform you of a law enforcement request, subpoena, or similar request from judicial or public authority disclosure prior to providing our response.7.ChildrenThe Service is not intended for children under age of 16 or the applicable age of majority without consent from a parent or guardian. If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland, please see Section 16 below.13.Access & ModificationIf you have registered for an account with us, you may contact us to review, update, correct or delete the personal information we have on file. We may record our calls with you for call quality purposes. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.15.Special Information for California ResidentsA.California law allows users of the Site or Service who are California residents to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal information (if any) we shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response. Guru Network Limited is a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from individuals accessing or using its Service. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the corresponding legal bases for processing. Generally, the legal bases on which we rely on to process your personal information include: your consent to the processing; satisfaction of our legal obligations; necessity to protect your vital interests; necessity to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we entered with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you; necessity to process in the public interest; or for our legitimate interests as described in those sections. We may limit your individual rights requests in the following ways:Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;To protect our rights and properties; andWhere the request is frivolous or burdensome. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at contact@castbox.fm so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. AboutAbout CastboxNewsroomFAQsConnectMailcontact@castbox.fmPrivacy Policy|Cookies Policy|Terms of Service|Wikipedia| Guru Network 2023AboutAbout CastboxNewsroomFAQsConnectTelegramFacebookTwitterInstagramcontact@castbox.fm