Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationHola MusicHola Music ("Hola Music" or "we") collects information from you in order to provide better service and give you a better user experience. We always put your privacy as the first consideration and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.1.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A.Information you directly and voluntarily provide to us
If you are a user of Hola Music, we may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: your email address, the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information. B.Information automatically collected when you use Hola Music
We automatically collect information about you when you use Hola Music. We will also request access to your photos, media and files, your devices camera and microphone, your Wi-Fi connection information and your device ID and call information. C.Information collected by Third Parties Analytics Services
We may work with third party analytics services to help us provide you with better service. The third parties analytics services includes Fabric, Flurry, and AppCloudBox. Information might be analyzed such as how often you use the application and the events that occur within the application. We may use the information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our users;
B.To help develop our service. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We will also never leak your privacy information.4.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. The installed apps information is not and will never be used for other purposes.- Take Pictures & VideosThis permission is used to take photos of the intruders who want to snoop on your private apps. We will never upload any users pictures or videos.- Find Accounts on the DeviceHola Music neither recognizes nor saves users' account information for any programs. This permission is used for us to read email when you send feedback to us so that we can contact you when problem solved.- Read ContactsHola Music does not recognize or save users' contacts information for any programs. The only purpose is to help users search local contacts with search bar. We will never upload any users contacts information.- Precise Location (GPS and network-based) & Approximate Location (network-based)Hola Music will only access your location information when you use it and will not be disclosed to any person or third party interest information.- Read Phone Status & IdentityThe only purpose of this permission is to identify different users. Not used for any other purposes.- Directly Call Phone Numbers & Reroute Outgoing CallsHola Music is allowed to inform you when receiving phone calls. It wont result in unexpected fees and calls. Hola Music will never upload your privacy information.- Directly Send Messages (SMS)Hola Music is allowed to send messages directly by SMS assistant. This may only result in SMS fees and no other fees charged. The only purpose is to show details of the call to users after a call. We do not collect personal information from children under the age of 13.7.CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICYIn its sole discretion, Hola Music may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here. The date new versions posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.8.Description of the Stream serviceThe Service is a music player that gives you access to YouTube music videos. In order to use the Service, you must receive data connectivity services from your service provider. The cost of the data connectivity service may vary among service providers. It is your responsibility to review such costs and to determine whether you wish to bear such costs or not. In particular, you further acknowledge that the cost of such data connectivity service may rise significantly when roaming internationally. Therefore, you are advised to consider the cost of using the Service, depending on your location at any particular time.9.CONTACT USIf there are any concerns or questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at HolaMusic@gmail.com. Report abusePage detailsPage updated Google SitesReport abuse