Privacy
policy
Summary
o This
app does not collect any Personal or Sensitive information. o We,
Krosbits, the developers: Refers to the proprietorship firm
named Krosbits which is based in India, owned by Maulik Raviya and has
developed this software and managing it. o You,
the user: Refers to the user who is using this software and consuming
the services provided by it. o The
device: Refers to a physical/virtual device running on
Android based operating system, and in which this app (Musicolet) is
installed. User can control this from App >
Menu > Settings > Song library and tags > Folders to scan. o Media
files related audio-playing functionality: Refers to JPG and
PNG files stored in Folders to scan containing the AlbumArt (cover photo of
track/album), LRC files stored in Folders to scan (containing the Lyrics). Users
have full control on which folders containing the audio files are read?. Note:
Musicolet does not read any other types of files (non-media files, or
media files which is not relevant to its audio-playing functionality. Other
similar (Non-Personal and Non-Sensitive) data required for the various
functionalities of the app. This
data is used to create and maintain a music (audio) library locally on the
device, to play audio, and for the various other functionalities of the app. These data are stored in a
private folder in the device. ( Location of this folder is decided by the
operating system). Other apps do not have access to this folder. These collected data are
permanently deleted when the app is uninstalled or when the user clears app
data from devices settings. o
Sharing and disclosing of these data:
Musicolet does not share
these data with any other apps, services, person or organization. These data contain a log of system
messages, including stack traces when the device throws an error and debug messages
which were written by the app while user performs various action in the app. These data do not contain logs
from other apps. These data do not contain any Personal and Sensitive
Information. Thus, if
users want to help the developers fixing some bugs/crash, Users have to send
them to the developers manually via email or by other methods suggested
by developers. o Manual
Backups and Automatic backups:
A feature of Musicolet provides users
an ability to back up their Playlists, Favorites, Playback history (recently
played, play-counts) and Settings in the form of a ZIP file (referred as
Backup file or Backup). Manual backup files are
stored in the internal storage of the device by default. ( In android 4.4+, users can create them in any folder they
want. Sharing
and disclosing of these data:
This app does not
(and cannot) send these backup files by its own. Interaction with other apps and services
In order to provide some specific functionalities
(mentioned below), Musicolet interacts with the following apps and services if
they are installed on the device:
o
Cast Plug-in for Musicolet:
 Cast
Plug-in for Musicolet (referred as Cast Plug-in) is an app developed by
Krosbits, which enabled Chromecast functionality in Musicolet. Musicolet
does not send any Personal and Sensitive Information to this Cast Plug-in. o Musicolet
can interact with Google Play Services if it is installed on the device. o Read
the privacy
policy of Google Play Services. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy
Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. This policy is effective as of 2021-08-10.