Join amuse Distribute Music Insights Label Blog English
English Espaol
Sign In Join amuse
Join amuse Distribute Music Insights Label Blog English
English Espaol
Sign In Join amuse
Privacy Policy
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHENHOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTEDFOR HOW LONG DO WE STORE IT?HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONTRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIESCHILDRENHOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATIONYOUR RIGHTS, HOW TO CONTACT US AND COMPLAINTSCHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICYCOOKIES
We take your privacy rights very seriously. This privacy policy (Privacy Policy) is intended to help you better understand what and how we collect, use, store, share and protect your information when you visit our website or use our app and services. If you don't agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or if youre under the age of 18, please don't use our Services. The Information We Collect and When
In connection with the Services, we collect and store personal information about and from you when youVisit our websiteRegister on and use our app and/or websiteUpload music through our app and/or websiteMake a payout through our app, website and the provided payout methodMake a payment through our app, website and the provided payment methodsInvite or have invited someone to the PRO tools. Contact customer support or in any other way contact usConnect to us through third party servicesConnect to third party services via usSign up to one of our newslettersRegistration dataWhen you create a user account with the Services, we will ask for username, artist name, password, mobile phone number, email address, date of birth, address, postal code and country. We also collect information about how your music streams on distribution platforms. We only obtain enough information to be able to process the payment, comply with applicable laws and third party provider terms as well as provide you with services. For example, if you prelove an amuse.io release on Spotify, we may collect information from Spotify about your listening activity. AMUSE PROWhen inviting a person to AMUSE PRO, you will provide email address or telephone number of the person you wish to invite. Make sure you have the approval from the person to do so. We will send you an email with information about the user who invited you. How We Use the Information We Collected
We will process your information for the following purposes:To administer your account, to enable and provide the Services and, if applicable, provide integration with a third party. To provide, personalize and improve your experience and any advertising made available on or outside the Service;To make sure the Service is technically functional and to develop new products and services. To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, subject to your consent. To process your payouts, payments and prevent or detect fraud. A unique code created for every individual track. A unique code created to summarize the release on a product level. Service providers and othersWe may from time to time share your information with service providers to perform functions and process user data and help provide our Services, consistent with this Privacy Policy. Transfer to Other Countries
If youre a resident of Switzerland or the EEA, you understand that your information may be transferred to and stored outside of that area. The country it is transferred to might not have the same protection laws as your country. We always do our best to maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to help protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or disclosure. You also have the right to request to be erased and to get any inaccurate personal data blocked or corrected. If youre not happy with how we handle your information, please contact us [emailprotected]If you have a complaint in relation to the processing of your data, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory data authority. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Your web browser is probably set to accept cookies by default. You can choose to change this to remove and reject cookies. We cannot, however, control these opt out processes. These cookies are required for the operation of our site. Build your artist career on your own terms. Release your music, check your streams, withdraw money
Go to App Store
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.