PRIVACY POLICY
Guitar Tuner
[Last Amended: July 18, 2021]
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy), is an integral part of our End User License Agreement (EULA), and governs the processing and transfer of personal data collected or processed by Zipo Apps Ltd. (Company, we, us or our) when you accessing or using our mobile application or our services, all as detailed in the applicable EULA (respectively the App and Service). Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the EULA. This Privacy Policy explains what data we may collect from you, how such data may be used or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may exercise your rights related to your Personal Data (as defined below), among others, and where applicable, as required according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you are welcome to contact us at: support.tunerguitar@kigelapps.com
This Privacy Policy explains our data collection practices that are applicable toward any users of our App or our Services (you or your). The first type of information is non-identifiable and anonymous information (Non-Personal Data). You represent and warrant that you will not provide us with inaccurate, misleading or false information. In addition, we may process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, for example, to send you marketing and promotional messages and offers related to our Services. In addition, in certain features we will use your Access Fine Location permission in the background while you are using the App so that we are able to locate the wifi networks and connection to provide the Services. You may choose to block your background location through your device setting. We will process this data solely upon your active explicit consent though in-app notifications. Push Notifications:We may store Firebase Cloud Messages token. If you wish to stop getting push notifications, you may do so simply by disables push notifications on your devices settings or uninstall the app. As the token is Non-Personal Data it does not require a lawful basis. In-App Payment Information:When you make a payment through our App and offered Services, all payment are in-app payments and are subject to the applicable App Store terms and privacy policy. We do not store nor process any Personal Data when you process the payment. In most cases, this data will not include Personal Data, however we treat this information as Personal Data as we may be able to reasonably identify you. We use this data in order to maintain, support, improve, protect and manage our App and Services. Profiling Data:When you using our App we may display advertisement, our partners, the advertisers may place an SDK (as detailed below) and collect certain data on you for the purpose of displaying advertisement. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience. Technical Data:We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Data which relates to your use of our App such as: the type and version of device, application, or browser used, operating system, or time zone setting, country, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs. The Advertisers are advertising Service Providers. The rights may include one or all of the following: (i) request to amend your Personal Data we store accessing; (ii) review and access your Personal Data that we hold; (iii) request to delete your Personal Data that we hold (as long as we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining the data); (iv) restrict or object to the process your Personal Data; (v) exercise your right of data portability (vi) contact to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction and file a complaint; and (vii) withdraw consent (to the extent applicable). Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply. SECURITY
We take great care in implementing physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the services that we believe comply with applicable regulation and industry standards to prevent your information from being accessed without the proper authorization, improperly used or disclosed, unlawfully destructed, or accidentally lost. DATA TRANSFER
We use Google Cloud which are located in EU, US and Asia. Further, certain processing activities are conducted in Israel, or other countries. CHILDREN
Our App and Services are intended for general audience and is not directed to persons under 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from people under 13 years old. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
The App and the Apps Services do not respond to Do Not Track signals. CHANGES AND UPDATES
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently.