Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyEffective Date:February 27, 2020.RAPCHAT PRIVACY POLICYRapchatrespects your privacy and is committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your information. By using our Services and/or registering as a Rapchat user you are accepting the privacy practices described in this Policy and consenting to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described below. We gather information from the actions you take to recommend, create, communicate and share content. Content which you upload to the Services, which allows others to identify you (e.g. photos of you, audio recordings or text containing your name, status updates, comments on content which refer to you). If they are, well suggest you follow them. Location Information: We access geo-location information from your mobile device. We use cookies to distinguish you, identify your interests and your account and its status and settings, to collect usage data, keep track of your preferences and deliver content specific to your interests. You can configure your browser to reject cookies. We use your information in the follow ways:In order to register for a Rapchat account, we need certain information. We use your interactions on the Services, along with the other data described in this policy, to infer your interests. We do this to identify and suggest content that you may like and to tailor advertising, including off-site advertising. We sometimes conduct or sponsor challenges and contests. Participation in challenges and contests is completely voluntary. Additional Partners:Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your business. Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please seehttp://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.Our Legitimate Interest For Collecting, Sharing, Processing, And Using Your InformationWe use and process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests:Keeping The Services Safe And Secure: We use your information to try and keep our Services safe and secure. Storing and Managing Your InformationWe offer the ability to correct or update the information collected during registration via your account settings on our website or the mobile application or by contacting support via email support form and we rely on the accuracy of the information you provide us (such as your age). In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities. Complain: If you are a resident of the European Union, should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority. ChildrenOur Services are intended for general audiences, and are not intended for anyone under 13, or anyone under the minimum age to use the Services in the jurisdiction where they reside ("Minimum Age"). By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States. We will indicate the effective date of the notice. Your continued use of the Services after any modification to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such modification and your consent to our processing of Information in accordance with the modified Privacy Policy. Personal Information We Collect From Third Parties: Rapchat collects personal information from other companies. Under CCPA, a "sale" potentially includes other uses or disclosures of personal information to third parties outside Rapchat in a commercial context (unless an exception to "sale" as provided by CCPA exists). We do not treat these disclosures as sales. Note that Rapchat may retain some personal information, as permitted under CCPA.How to exercise right of deletion: If you are a California consumer, you may exercise your right to request deletion of your personal informationby clicking hereor by emailingccpa-deletion-request@rapchat.me. There is no reasonable method by which Rapchat can verify the identity of a consumer who does not have a Rapchat account. If you are a California consumer, you have the right to opt-out of some sales of your personal information. Limitation Of Rights; Compliance With Applicable Law:Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this CCPA Notice, we may collect, use and disclose personal information as required or permitted by applicable law and this may override CCPA rights.