Privacy Policy of Speaker Boost
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users. Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (opt-out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. Place of processing:
United States 
Privacy Policy. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
a sharing according to the CCPA
targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices (EU),
the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and
the Digital Advertising Alliance (US),
DAAC (Canada),
DDAI (Japan)
or other similar initiatives. Information for Californian consumers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as we, us, our). These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on this Application. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. We will use any personal information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for the purposes of verification and shall not further disclose the personal information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes. Categories of personal data processed
In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof. We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you. Why we process your personal data
To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data and The purposes of processing within this document. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request. Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it
You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. request the deletion of your personal data. To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if you have exercised your right to opt out, or our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program. How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document. How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the details provided in this document. If the appeal is denied you may
contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint. For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller, processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise. In particular, you have the right to do the following:
access personal data. We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year.