Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 6, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Generally, we do not collect any personal identifiable information to our server, if you do not log in with your social media account to use the App. Non-Personal Information, We may use Non-Personal Information(Usage Data/Log Data, such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version,etc. ) Retention
The Company will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Disclosure
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Third-Party Sites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties. Our Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. - Analytics
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
- Advertising
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. EU Residents
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data. This enables You to email us and access, update or delete the information We have on You. Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You. Object to processing of Your Personal Data. Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below. Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. California Residents
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. The right to access / the right to request. The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, such as Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You. Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.