Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Our App Service. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the details of our privacy practices below. This Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
1. Third party accounts & Sharing of personal data
4. International transfers of personal data
6. Definitions
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. iJoysoft developer is be referred to "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement. Application means the software program provided by iJoysoft downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Equalizer. How We Collect Information
We collect information in order to provide you with better, higher-quality, and more personalized services. Your correspondence will most likely not be used verbatim, but paraphrased in an FAQ format. (II)The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. How We Use Information
We use the information collected through this app product:
(I) to communicate with you; (II) to process your requests and transactions; (III) to improve the app; (IV) to customize the services and/or products we provide to you; (V) to assist with our product and service development; (VI) to perform marketing analysis; and (VII) for other purposes related to our business. Third party accounts
Our App Service does not store any other third part service passwords. Your account information is not disclosed to this app and you are free to cancel any of your social networking website connections with this app at any time. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements. International transfers of personal data
Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including to countries such as the People' s Republic of China or Singapore. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers. Your rights
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Requests should be submitted by contacting us through our developer account e-Mail on Google Play. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social websites you wish to share or upload. Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change occasionally. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advance notice. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, in the event of significant changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an email notification).