PRIVACY POLICY
Audio Player
[Last Amended: July 18, 2021]
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy), is an integral part of our End User License Agreement (EULA), and governs the processing and transfer of personal data collected or processed by Zipo Apps Ltd. (Company, we, us or our) when you accessing or using our mobile application or our services, all as detailed in the applicable EULA (respectively the App and Service). Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the EULA. This Privacy Policy explains what data we may collect from you, how such data may be used or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may exercise your rights related to your Personal Data (as defined below), among others, and where applicable, as required according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). For the purpose of operating our Services and App, we use several service providers as detailed in this Policy (collectively Service Providers):
In app payment providers;
Advertising partners;
Fraud prevention and analytic tools; and
Tracking tools. The first type of information is non-identifiable and anonymous information (Non-Personal Data). Further, during the registration process you will be supplied with username and password for your account, at which time you thereby represent and warrant that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your details and password. You are able to unsubscribe from receiving such correspondence from us by contacting us at: support.audioplayer@mumastudios.comPlease note that if you choose to unsubscribe from direct marketing, we may still retain your contact details and send you relevant service-related information such as invoices and subscription rates. GPS Location Information:Certain features may require access to your GPS location permissions. In addition, in certain features we will use your Access Fine Location permission in the background while you are using the App so that we are able to locate the wifi networks and connection to provide the Services. You may choose to block your background location through your device setting. We will process this data solely upon your active explicit consent though in-app notifications. Push Notifications:We may store Firebase Cloud Messages token. If you wish to stop getting push notifications, you may do so simply by disables push notifications on your devices settings or uninstall the app. As the token is Non-Personal Data it does not require a lawful basis. We do not store nor process any Personal Data when you process the payment. In most cases, this data will not include Personal Data, however we treat this information as Personal Data as we may be able to reasonably identify you. We use this data in order to maintain, support, improve, protect and manage our App and Services. Profiling Data:When you using our App we may display advertisement, our partners, the advertisers may place an SDK (as detailed below) and collect certain data on you for the purpose of displaying advertisement. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience. Technical Data:We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Data which relates to your use of our App such as: the type and version of device, application, or browser used, operating system, or time zone setting, country, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the App and Services, we may collect information as follows:
2.1. Provided by you voluntarily  we will collect information if and when you choose to provide us with the information, such as through the Services, contact us communications, etc. Our Affiliated Companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy. The rights may include one or all of the following: (i) request to amend your Personal Data we store accessing; (ii) review and access your Personal Data that we hold; (iii) request to delete your Personal Data that we hold (as long as we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining the data); (iv) restrict or object to the process your Personal Data; (v) exercise your right of data portability (vi) contact to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction and file a complaint; and (vii) withdraw consent (to the extent applicable). DATA RETENTION
We retain Personal Data we collect as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in accordance with applicable laws, or until an individual expresses a preference to opt-out. SECURITY
We take great care in implementing physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the services that we believe comply with applicable regulation and industry standards to prevent your information from being accessed without the proper authorization, improperly used or disclosed, unlawfully destructed, or accidentally lost. DATA TRANSFER
We use Google Cloud which are located in EU, US and Asia. Further, certain processing activities are conducted in Israel, or other countries. CHILDREN
Our App and Services are intended for general audience and is not directed to persons under 13 years old. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
The App and the Apps Services do not respond to Do Not Track signals.