Skip to content
Menu
Gulooloo Tech Co., Limited
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Gulooloo Tech Co., Limited
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 5, 2022
User privacy is the top priority. We are committed to protecting your personal information and using it only when appropriate to provide you with the best possible services and products. This Privacy Policy describes how we protect your privacy when you use our website athttp://guloolootech.comand all mobile applications (Service) provided by Gulooloo Tech. Should you have any questions related to this policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please dont hesitate to contact us as indicated in the contact section of this policy. Definitions
Personal Informationmeans information about a living individual who can be identified from the information, including your name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, geographic location, etc. For example, the duration of a page visit, the time when you use a service. What Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Generally, we do not collect any Personal Information when you use our applications or websites. We do not require users to register before using our service, nor do we require users to provide us with any Personal Information. We will not disclose or share your Personal Information with third parties. We aggregate this information to help us provide customers with more useful information, and to better understand which parts of our website and applications are most interesting to users, and how users use our services to improve our services . The Non-Personal Information may include, but is not limited to:
Log Data
Log Data is used to compile various (anonymized) metrics to get a better understanding of how the websites and applications are being used (which features are used most, how many times users are using search, for example), so that we can improve the user experience of our services and also make better decisions for future initiatives like new features or services (better explanation of the products features, for example). Device and Internet Usage:If you visit our websites or use our applications, we may collect information from your device, including identifiers to help us identify your devices hardware and operating system. Cookies Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device by a service. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve the service and your experience of the service. If your browser or device is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services. If you voluntarily send us an email, we will keep your email address and related information for a necessary and relevant time, so that we can contact you to give you feedback or improve our services. We may provide paid products and/or services in our products. In this case, We utilize Apple and Google to process all financial transactions. Admob from Google: You can check their Privacy Policy at:https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network: You can check their Privacy Policy at:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the usage of our services. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your Rights
Decide whether to use our service: You can decide whether to download our applications or visit our websites. You can opt-out of certain functions in our application settings. Please note that some functions cannot be run without specific permissions. If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights described in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Links to Other Sites
Our services may contain links to other sites. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Childrens Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (Children). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and in the event that we learn or receive a valid notice that a child under the age of 13 has provided information on the service, we will delete that information as soon as possible. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.