If you think your rights under your countrys legislation are not covered by this statement, please email us at privacy@chordify.net before you use Chordify. To assist every Chordify user as best we can, and to achieve our goals, we will continue to store personal data, but thanks to the GDPR, our users are given even more rights, and we welcome that! In this privacy statement, we explain as clearly as possible why and how we process your personal data. Our growing team, who is committed to making the learning of music easier and more fun, consists of a varied range of music lovers. For instance, we keep contact information in order to reach you, areas of interest so we can provide you with the best possible information and appealing content, and we process personal data for our market research and promotions. This doesnt include your bank account number. Newsletters and mailings
You can sign up for different types of newsletters from us. Sometimes personalised, and sometimes not. We also process personal data for Chordify campaigns (and Chordify related campaigns). For example, IP address, cookie ID, social ID and/or surfing habits. You can read how to do this on the following pages:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Please note: the above opt-out doesnt necessarily mean youll never get to see Chordify ads again, because we also focus ads on general target groups of which you might form part of. Gender and photos:
We also process your gender and your photos. These processing operations are (obviously) not used for any other purpose. Rights of persons involved
Under the GDPR, everyone has a number of rights. In case of a request for deletion, we will remove the relevant personal data as soon as possible, unless, and to the extent that the law requires us to keep the relevant personal data, and whether there are other urgent reasons that oppose removal. You can also exercise your rights yourself, in your account environment:
Information and inspection: You can of course see which of your personal data we are processing. Settings] > [My Account] > [delete account]. Contributions to the Chordify Community made by you (for example: chord edits, name changes, tags and set lists made by you, etc.) Now matter how good our programmers are, it is difficult to ensure all personal data will disappear. There are many services on the internet that copy data, so perhaps you will still find your public Chordify profile somewhere on the internet until the end of time. You can also submit a complaint with the PDA in this regard, after 25 May 2018. Legal grounds for personal data processing
As explained above, we process some data to perform a legal obligation, and some to perform a contract with you as a user (subscription, event). They are not third-party receivers, but are called processors. You can read the privacy statement of the relevant organization, and please do let us know if you have found a particular link on chordify.net which is not OK! Version
We can change or modify this Privacy statement. We do this to improve our services, to ensure the service functions optimally, to conduct campaigns efficiently and for the purposes as described in this privacy statement. Name: NID Sender.google.com Duration: 7 months Name: _ga Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 2 years Name: _gat Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 hour Name: _gid Sender: .chordify.net Duration: 1 day Chordify processes anonymous statistics about visits to its website. Technical characteristics such as the browser you are using (e.g. Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, or Firefox) and your computer screen resolution. Which features you are using in the Chordify products. Cookies are necessary for the various integrations of social platforms; but you can also use Chordify without these links.