Skip to content
Best Ringtone Apps
List of the Best Mobile MP3 Ringtones for your Phone
Menu
Best Ringtone Apps
Free Ringtones for Android Phones
Ringtones for iphone
Mobile Ringtones Download
Information
Privacy Policy
Subscription Terms and Conditions for Popular Ringtones in Apples App Store
Popular Ringtones  Google Play Subscription Terms & Policy
Request A Ringtone
Technical Support Contact
Search
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to bestringtoneapps.net and Best Ringtones Apps and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Best Ringtones Apps include bestringtoneapps.net, Todays Hit Ringtones, Best Rap Ringtones, Best Country Ringtones, Best Christian Ringtones, Old Phone Ringtones Popular Ringtones for Google Play and Popular Ringtones for Apple App store. The Best Ringtones Apps are Music, Audio sites and mobile applications. By using the Best Ringtones Apps, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. We can not see your contacts nor do we collect them. Access to media, storage etc which allows the device to download and play the ringtones. We have no access to your media nor do we collect it. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site/Apps; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Best Ringtones Apps uses Third Party Partners that may use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Best Ringtones Apps and its affiliates. Sharing Information with Third Parties
Best Ringtones Apps does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Best Ringtones Apps may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Best Ringtones Apps, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by our Third Party Partners (Google, Facebook and Apple). This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Best Ringtones Apps website. Children Under Thirteen
Best Ringtones Apps does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Data Deletion: Deleting Your Data for Our Apps from Our Trust Third Party Partners
We dont collect or store any of your data. We have third party partners that may collect data from you. Here is a list of partners that we use and how to delete your data from them. Here is how to Delete your data from Facebook. Here is how to delete your data from Google. Here is how to delete your data from Apple. Contact Information
Best Ringtones Apps welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. Data Deletion: Deleting Your Data for Our Apps
Update your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch
How to update your Android Version
Beta Testing Feedback
Recent CommentsArchives
October 2021
June 2021
August 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2019
November 2016
October 2016
April 2016
January 2016
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
July 2014
Categories
Album Downloads
Entertainment News
free ringtones
New Ringtones
Recent
How to find Ringtone Saved on Phone.