Privacy Policy
It is important that You read this Policy together with any other privacy policies or fair processing policies We may provide on specific occasions so that You are fully aware of when, why, and how We collect and process your personal data. If You have any questions, You can contact us by support: qlove89757@gmail.com. 2.4 Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. 2.6 Any use of Cookies  or of other tracking tools  by this Application or by us of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present Policy and in the Cookie Policy, if available. The updated list of these parties may be requested from us at any time. 3.2 Legal basis of processing
We may process Personal Data relating to You if one of the following applies:
You have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which We are subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. Furthermore, We may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
5.1 Advertising
Information Collection and UseFor a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the appGoogle Play ServicesGoogleAdMobFirebase Analytics
6. You have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Data from us. Receive your Data and have it transferred to another controller. To learn, whether We are processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, You may refer to the relevant sections of this Policy. 6.4 How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to us through the contact details provided in this Policy. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by us as early as possible and always within one month. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. 8.2 Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request. 8.4 Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from us at any time. 8.5 How Do Not Track requests are handled
This Application does not support Do Not Track requests. 9.2 The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who reside in Brazil, according to the "Lei Geral de Proteo de Dados". To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this Policy. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality. You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights. You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead. In the event that you file a rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also comply with your request  except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.