SOUND Beautifier App Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy can be accessed for translation @ https://www.soundbeautifier.com/legal/app-privacy.html
Cette Politique de Confidentialit est accessible pour traduction @ https://www.soundbeautifier.com/legal/app-privacy.html
Se puede acceder a esta Poltica de Privacidad para traducirlo @ https://www.soundbeautifier.com/legal/app-privacy.html
Esta Poltica de Privacidade pode ser acessado para traduo @ https://www.soundbeautifier.com/legal/app-privacy.html
Completion, Rakotondrainibe built the SOUND Beautifier app as
a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by
Completion, Rakotondrainibe and is intended for use as
is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our
policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use our Service. The Personal Information that we collect is
used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The information that
we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
by the app
Google Play
Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase
Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
we collect data and information (through third party
products) on your phone called Log Data. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However,
the app may use third party code and libraries that use
cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service
that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security
We value your trust in providing us your
Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. Note
that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
Privacy Policy of these websites. Childrens Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
we discover that a child under 13 has provided
us with personal information, we immediately
delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact us so that
we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
this page. This Privacy Policy can be accessed @ https://www.soundbeautifier.com/legal/app-privacy.html
This policy is effective as of 2021-03-14. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at swiss.selection@completion.ch.