Toggle navigation
Listen Now
Audiobooks
Sports
Music
News
Podcasts
Get The App
ListenAudiobooks
Sports
Music
News
Podcasts
More
About UsContact Us
Careers
Press
ProductSupport
Devices
TuneIn Live
CommunitiesBrands
Broadcasters
Podcasters
Get The App
THANK YOU
Your information has been submitted to our team, and someone will reach out to you shortly. This Policy explains how TuneIn may collect, use, process, disclose and safeguard information we obtain through the Services. If you are a California resident, please also see our California Resident Privacy Notice. If you wish to opt out of TuneIns sharing of your Personal Information for cross-contextual advertising purposes, please click here: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. A.
Personal Information You Provide
User Account Registration. We may collect information about you from other third parties, including our marketing partners. When you use the Services, we collect information about your activities, such as the stations, artists or channels that you listen to, transaction details related to your Subscription, the user profiles that you view, your searches for friends or stations and your other actions and interactions with other users or content on the Services, the stations, content and people that you follow (Follow Lists), your comments, any content that you post on the Services, and any other information resulting from your use of the Services that is publicly accessible by other users (Public Information). Other websites may integrate TuneIn widgets (such as the TuneIn Player or TuneIn Follow Button). The information we disclose may include device information (for example, IP address, web browser type, mobile operating system version, and unique device identifiers); general geographic information (for example, zip code, city, state, region, and/or country); listening session starts, durations, and timestamps; and search terms used to find the station or channel partners content. We may share your Personal Information (including IP address) with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you, such as, LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp may link this data to data collected from other offline and online sources, including other websites and mobile apps, and provide TuneIn with an identification code that we may store for in-app, online, and cross-channel advertising, or share with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. For more information about our advertising and marketing practices and those of the third party advertising partners, as well as information regarding how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please see our Cookie Policy. The Services may allow you to share Personal Information with social networking services, such as Facebook. However, if you registered for the Services prior to May 7, 2014, then your Favorites will be private unless you change your profile settings to make them publicly accessible. For example, we may present you with an opt-in prompt when you register to use the Services or access certain content. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information or other account information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to (i) comply with laws, law enforcement requests, and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; or (iii) protect your, our, or others rights, property, or safety. In case of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. Third-Party Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the processing of your Personal Information by TuneIn. The links from the Services to any Third-Party Sites do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third-Party Sites or their privacy practices. If you are located in Mexico, we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 18 years of age, and no part of the Services are directed to children under the age of 18. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from a child (as defined by local law), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the childs account. If you are located in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland or Brazil, we comply with EU, United Kingdom, Switzerland, or Brazil data protection law, as applicable to you, when transferring your Personal Information outside of the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland or Brazil. To learn more, read our Privacy Shield Policy. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. For example, you can change the email address and password associated with your account and you may choose to keep your Follow Lists private. You can access the Services from multiple devices if you sign into your account on the devices or register them on the Services. In addition, on occasion we may send service-related announcements, such as disruption notifications, via email and you may not be able to opt out of these communications. Accessibility
This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed in line with the World Wide Web Consortiums Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, version 2.1. TuneIn GmbH, Inc.
Zimmerstrasse 78,
10117 Berlin, Germany
privacy@tunein.com
If you are located in the United Kingdom and would like to raise a question to us about your Personal Information, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your Personal Information, then you may also contact our data protection representative.