Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 9, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Business, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. This permission is only for editing and saving audios. We will not automatically obtain any video, audio or photos from your device, nor will We modify or delete the content in your local media storage. We will not automatically obtain any voice from your device without advance permission. Notification Permission: this permission is required to display the recording control functions in the notification bar, such as pausing the recording, saving recordings, adding labels, etc. To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us. We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Service, for payment processing, to contact You. We NEVER share any data you are tracking in the app with third-Party Advertisers. Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. Perform regular data protection impact assessments
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. We will not store or collect Your payment card details. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights. This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. The right to access / the right to request. The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use. Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner
Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. Your California Privacy Rights (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.