Important tips
In particular, the Voice Changer Surveyor reminds users to read carefully and fully understand the terms and conditions of the Voice Changer Surveyor APP License and Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement). Make sure that you fully understand the terms of this agreement, including the terms of liability of the altimeter APP and the terms restricting the rights of users. Unless you accept all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are not entitled to register, login or use the services covered by this Agreement. Usersdownloading, installation, use, account acquisition and login will be deemed to be accepted by this Agreement and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 2.2 This agreement, the annexes to this Agreement and the agreements or other documents related to third-party software or technology used in this software constitute the complete agreement of this software and service
3. About this software
Voice Changer is a sound processing software that supports a variety of sound effects, including the predefined effects of mens voice, womens voice, alien, robot, Lori, cute girl, funny and so on. Statement of Intellectual Property Rights
4.1 All copyright, trademark right, patent right, trade secret and other intellectual property rights of the software, as well as all information related to the software, including but not limited to: text expression and its combination, icons, graphics, charts, colors, interface design, layout framework, relevant data, printed materials or electronic documents, are subject to the Copyright Law, Trademark Law, Patent Law of the Peoples Republic of China. In addition to software or technology authorized by third parties, altimeter enjoys the above-mentioned intellectual property rights in the protection of laws, anti-unfair competition laws and corresponding international treaties and other intellectual property laws and regulations. 4.2 Without the written consent of the altimeter, the user shall not implement, utilize, transfer or permit any third party to implement, utilize or transfer the above-mentioned intellectual property rights for any profit or non-profit purposes. The altimeter reserves the right to pursue the above-mentioned unauthorized acts. Declaration of Privacy Protection
5.1 Users agree that the altimeter automatically stores information generated by users in the process of using the altimeter APP and services, including but not limited to location information, equipment information and log information. 5.2 Voice Changer Surveyor will not provide or share user personal information to partners unless the partners process such information according to the instructions of the altimeter and follow the privacy protection policy of the altimeter and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. If the user has never obtained the software from a third party authorized by the altimeter or the installation program with the same name as the software, the altimeter can not guarantee the normal use of the software, and is not responsible for the loss caused to the user. 6.2 Users need to register an account before using this service. Users are requested to provide personal data in detail and accurately when registering, and constantly update the registration data. The user shall bear the corresponding consequences for the problems caused by the untruthful registration information. 6.3 The ownership of the account belongs to the altimeter. After completing the registration procedure, the user only obtains the right to use the account, and the right to use the account only belongs to the initial applicant registrant. 6.4 The initial applicant registrant may not give, borrow, rent, transfer or sell the account or otherwise authorize the non-initial applicant registrant to use the account. 6.5 If the user discovers that the account has been illegally used by others, he shall immediately notify the altimeter. It is not excluded on the Internet that account and password are illegally used by others due to hacker behavior or users negligence of custody, which has nothing to do with altimeter. And/or incorporate such content into any other form of work, media or technology currently known or later developed. 6.7 In order to provide effective services to users, the software may incur data flow costs in the use process. Users need to know the relevant tariff information from operators and bear the related costs by themselves. 6.8 Some functions of this software may let the third party know the users information, such as users avatar, name and other publicly available personal data. However, the altimeter does not provide full assurance in this regard, including but is not limited to the following situations:
6.9.1 Voice Changer Meter is not responsible for the deletion or storage failure of relevant data in this software and service;
6.9.2 Voice Changer Surveyor has the right to determine the longest storage period of data for a single user in this software and service according to the actual situation, and to allocate the maximum storage space for data on the server. Users can backup the relevant data in this software and service according to their own needs. 6.9.3 If the user stops using the software and service or the service is terminated or cancelled, the altimeter can permanently delete the users data from the server. After service stops, terminates or cancels, the altimeter has no obligation to return any data to the user. 6.10 Users should undertake the following responsibilities when using the software and services
   WordPress			 |
: Balanced Blog