Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 24, 2021
Effective Date: December 24, 2021
XBooster ( our app or us) collects information from you in order to provide better service and give you a better user experience. How We Collect and Use Your Personal data
2. How We Share, Transfer, and Publicly Disclose Your Personal data
4. We will not obtain any other information from your device. This permission is only for showing music spectrum. STORAGE PERMISSION: If you want to add some photos chosen from gallery when you are giving a feedback, we will ask a storage permission to select photos. We will not obtain any video or photo from your device, nor will we modify or delete the content in your local media storage. ANALYTICS: We may use third-party analytics tools such as Google Firebase Analytics to help us analyze usage trends for the services. These tools will track the information on how you use our App. LOG FILE: If you email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report, we will collect your name, email address, device information, location information and your survey response. Please understand that this information is automatically collected by us. ADs: We work with many third-party to promote our service or for other business purposes. We may allow them to collect information about your use of our App over time for playing or displaying ads that may be of interest to you. Except for the scenarios stipulated in this policy, we only share your necessary information with third parties in the following situations:
1Have obtained your explicit consent or authorization;
2When it is required to be provided in response to instructions from state agencies, authority, or administrative or judicial requirements;
3When achieving the purposes described in the section "How We Collect and Use Your Personal data";
4Share with advertising service and technical support partners. In order to provide you with more complete and high-quality products and services, we may share some of your personal data with our partners. Once we discover any violation of dealing with the personal data, we will terminate the partnership immediately and pursue legal responsibility. How we disclose
1) According to your needs, disclose your designated personal data in a method that you explicitly agree to;
2) According to the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement, judicial or regulatory agencies, where it is necessary to provide your personal data, we may publicly disclose your personal data based on the type of personal data requested and the method of disclosure. These rights may include (if relevant):
Provide you with information we collect about you;
Device permissions. You have the right to opt out of receiving personalized ads. If you are not interested in personalized display, you may turn off the display of personalized content through our App services or the setting on your mobile device. Please note that you may still see ads after turning off this option, but the relevance of ads will be reduced. If you are a California resident, please refer to the To California Residents section. If you are within European Union, please refer to the To EU Users section. How We Store and Protect Your Personal data
We wont store your personal data. For example, anonymize your personal data. Children Under 13
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (or the prescribed age in your country/region). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 (or the prescribed age in your country/region). If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If you have a concern about your personal data being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at xboosterfeedback@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.