PRIVACY POLICYEffective Date: August 20, 2022Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your Personal Data (as defined below) and how we will treat it. These data include information about your activity within the Application, such as achievements within the Services, actions taken within the Services, in-app purchases data (payment identification number, the type and amount of a product, its price in your local currency, date and time of the purchase), subscriptions, advertising that you click on. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the Service we offer our visitors and users to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities. When you use our Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies to facilitate access to our Service and to personalize your online experience. All information generated from your login onto our Service. These data include information about your country, state and city of your location. This information is only shared so as to allow the Application to operat. If you want to make an in-app purchase, you may do this with the help of in-app payment system provided by the Application Platforms (either Google Play managed by Google Inc. or AppStore managed by Apple Inc.) and integrated in the Application. SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIESFor the purposes of analytics and advertising, we may use services and solutions provided by third parties. Such parties may process data on our behalf and the respective technical solutions represent a part of the Services. If it is the case, we transfer such information while adhering to applicable personal data protection laws. In this case the respective notification will be available on the web-page of the Privacy Policy. to communicate with you with regard to your inquiries submitted to our support team. to analyze how you use the Services in order to plan further development of the Services, keep the Services updated and improve them. If you do not use the Application for 24 continuous months, we erase your Personal Data from our data base, as well as request the same erasure from any third party, whom your Personal Data may have been transferred to. If it is legally required that we retain your Personal Data for longer period for whatever purpose as stated in the applicable law, we will retain your Personal Data for the period determined by the law. PERSONAL DATA OF CHILDRENWe are a general audience service and do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental notice and consent under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") without such parental consent. You have the right to access your Personal Data, which we process;Right of rectification (correction). If you think that the data we process are incomplete for the purpose of processing as stated in this Privacy Policy, you may ask us to complete your Personal Data accordingly;Right to erasure (deletion). ADVERTISEMENT IN APPLICATIONWe may show advertisements in the Application with the help of third-party advertising partners. PRIVACY SETTINGS ON YOUR DEVICEIf you want to adjust the privacy settings of your device, please, take the following steps:iOS operating system: enable Limit Ad Tracking on iOS by opening Settings, then tapping on Privacy, then Advertising, and sliding the Limit Ad Tracking switch to On. For example, we may use such information in order to fix errors of the Application, evaluate demographic composition of our users, determine what features to add to the Application or whether we need to translate it into another language. To help protect you and others, we may monitor your use of the Application and use your Personal Data and/or other information we collect in order to: identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or prosecute potential threats to or misuse of the Service; ensure compliance with the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and protect the rights and property of you, the Company, our partners and other customers. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Application. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Data (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. CONSENT TO TRANSFERIn order to provide our Services to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States. Therefore, your consent will also apply to the processing of your Personal Data and other information by new technologies and techniques, which fall within the original purpose of our Application. We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. If you wish to discontinue our newsletter subscription, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletters. CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us or write to us at:Anton PonikarovskiiKodrou, 16Limassol, 3086E-mail: team@mubr.appMade on Tilda