Chat Join
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EULA
Contact Us
Chat Join Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of ChatJoin. ChatJoin is a fun App that aims to provide users with real-time online video chats. Personal Information about our users is an integral part of our business, so please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy covers ChatJoin's treatment of Personal Information that we collect while you are using the App and the Service. As our Service integrates with third-party sites and other sites and social networks, we assume that you are already aware of the privacy policies of those other sites and networks when using our App and/or our Service and when you allow us to interact with these sites and networks on your behalf. You may choose to block any user on our platform to prevent unwanted access of your
Personal Information. If you do not want us to store this information, you may opt-out
through your account settings or notify us via email. Information We Get When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services youve used and how youve
used them. We may collect
information including but not limited to:
- How you interact with the services, such as which filters you view or the number of times apply to
discover. - How you communicate with other ChatJoin users, such as their names, the time and date of your
communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages
with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a
screenshot). We are not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share. Your photos and videos may be captured by other users on the service, and those content
can be stored and used by us or third party services for content moderation and community safety monitoring
purposes. Like most online services and mobile
applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique
advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Keep in
mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our
services. - Pages you visited before or after navigating to our website. We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or operated by us, or
any other third-party sources, and combine that with the information we collect through our services. We may share the following information with other users
- Information about you, such as your username and name;
- Information about how you have interacted with the services, such as the names of users you are friends
with, and other information that will help users understand your connections with others using the services. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that
disclosing the information is needed to:
- Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;
- Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations;
- Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and resolve any fraud or
security concerns. If ChatJoin gets involved in a merger, asset sale,
financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another
company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes. - In the aggregate or after de-identification. You expressly agree that information provided when you register the App and/or the content your created when
using the App (including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and
other content), may be recorded, stored, published and made available to the rest of ChatJoin users. Your information may also be stored and process in any country in which we provide service to due to server
facilities and third-party service teams. Community
safety is our number one priority and some of the above user information are mandatory in order to create a
safe community for all users. By going
to those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you
may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. Because your privacy is important to us, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional
information before we let you access or update your personal information. Data Removal
You can choose to remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, subject to any applicable legal or otherrequirement to maintain certain records of your personally identifiable data. Children
Our services are not intended forand we dont direct them toanyone under 18. Sometimes, well let you know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy thats available on our
website and mobile application.