Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyAcceptable Use PolicyCopyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 13, 2018
Welcome to imo! Baby Penguin, LLC provides the imo service to users in the United States. Some of the ways that we may collect personal information include information that you provide us directly; information about you that we automatically collect from log data, IP addresses, and aggregated user data; cookies; information that you give us about your friends; and your chat histories. You also have the option of providing your first and last name, and a username in your profile;
Information that you post on your imo user profile (this might include profile pictures, and other information) (Profile Information);
Content that you share with other imo users on the Service, including message, photos, and videos; as well as list of members in your chat groups (Message Information). imo may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to imo to enhance the application, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in other notices imo provides. If our app has your permission, we collect contact information from your mobile address book to connect you to your friends on imo. We may analyze, evaluate, and/or aggregate this information to help us understand your interests and the interests of our other users, to analyze trends, to optimize your user experience and improve the Service. Other things you should know:
We may share aggregated information about the Service and our users, without seeking additional consent, with third parties (including, without limitation, advertisers, media, and actual or potential partners or investors) for informational, marketing, and/or promotional purposes. We use the facial tracking and mapping information we collect to enable facial effect features when using the Service. We do not share facial tracking and mapping information with third parties. c. Mobile advertising identifiers
What are they? Third party advertisers and advertising networks may use advertising identifiers collected from your imo app to deliver ads they believe are relevant to you in other third party apps. You can change the mobile advertising identifiers in your mobile device or limit advertising tracking through your mobile devices privacy settings. If you choose to make purchases through the Services (e.g. for our premium service), we process your payments through a third-party application, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play App Store. We will collect, save and store all information contained in your imo chat history for up to 90 days, including your photos, voice messages, videos, sticker and missed calls. You can permanently delete your imo chat history at any time. We will not record or save the content of your live video or audio chat sessions without your express permission. To collect aggregated data from your chat history. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-imo related websites within their networks. a. Email and phone communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Accessing, Updating or Deleting Your Account
You can edit, update, or delete your account at any time. Also, as noted above, even if you delete your own messages, chat history, or entire account, the other imo users with whom you have chatted may retain your chats with them. To request a download, navigate to the Request Account Info button inside the Settings section of the app. Security
Your account, and registration information are protected so that only you can access your account. While we are committed to implementing reasonable and appropriate safeguards to protect your information against foreseeable risks, no computer system or information can ever be fully protected against any possible risk, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to circumvent those safeguards, or access and/or use your personal information for improper purposes. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may delete your childs entire account, by selecting the Delete imo account option in your childs imo app settings or alert us at privacy@imoapp.com. Redress and accountability
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@imoapp.com. You should check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis, since revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modifications will be effective when we post the updated Privacy Policy.