In this Notice, the
term App means any application made available by us (including
where we make such applications available via third-party stores or
marketplaces, or by any other means), and the term Site means any
website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf. To manage IT systems:
Managing and operating our communications, IT and security
systems; and auditing (including security audits) and monitoring
such systems. To improve our Sites, Apps and services:
Identifying issues related to our Sites, Apps or services;
planning improvements to our Sites, Apps or services; and
developing new Sites, Apps or services. 90 days after the ends of performances (concerts,
showcases, fan events, etc.). For all services
Event
Prize shipping: Weverse Account (email address) and
recipient information (Name, mobile phone number, and
address)
Offline performance events such as fan meetings, public
broadcasts, etc.: Accessing and using the service, providing services for
reward
Cookies, service usage history (date of log-in, IP
address, fraudulent usage, etc), device information
(unique device identifiers and OS version), your location
For 3 months after leaving the service or period stated in
relevant laws. Time of processing:
When reporting illegally filmed materials
Personal information Processed:
Name, mobile phone number (telephone number), email address
Period for retention and use:
For 3 years from the reported date, as stated in relevant
Korean laws
Service:
Weverse Shop
Time of processing:
Service sign-up
Personal information Processed:
User verification information (for connecting to Weverse
Account)
Period for retention and use:
For 3 months after leaving the service or period stated in
relevant laws. Service:
Weverse Concerts
Time of processing:
For providing performance contents
Personal information Processed:
Email address, user verification information (for connecting
to Weverse Account), and purchase status of related
products. Service:
Weverse Albums
Time of processing:
Service sign-up
Personal information Processed:
User verification information (for connecting to Weverse
Account)
Period for retention and use:
For 3 months after leaving the service or period stated in
relevant laws. Weverse Account (email address), name,
date of birth, and phone number
Online performance events such as video call fan meeting:
Weverse Account (email address), name, date of birth, phone
number, and social media account (KakaoTalk or LINE)
Period for retention and use:
For a year after the end of events. If we discover that we
have collected the personal information of a child, we will delete
the information and cancel the user's account. If you believe that
we have collected information of a child, please inform us via
contact information in Article 13. Article 6 International Transfer of Personal Information
For the purposes of providing our services and enhancing users
convenience, we may transfer and/or manage your personal information
overseas as follows. Article 10 Technical/Administrative Measures for Protecting Personal
Data
When handling personal information, we take appropriate measures to
keep the information safe and prevent from loss, theft, leakage,
falsification, or damage, and we take technical measures as follows:
Your personal information is protected by password and encrypted
information. Cookies identify each members computer,
but do not identify individual members. service usage history (date of log-in,
IP address, fraudulent usage, etc.), The processing is necessary for our compliance with
a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the
processing for the purpose of managing and
maintaining our communications and IT systems (to
the extent that such legitimate interest is not
overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or
freedoms). If we provide
Sites, Apps or services to you, we may send or display information
to you regarding our Sites, Apps or services, upcoming promotions
and other information that may be of interest to you, including by
using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other
appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in
consent, to the extent required under applicable law. Clause Article 11 of this Notice shall be replaced with the
following:
Article 11 Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit a Site or use an App, we will typically place cookies
onto your device or read cookies already on your device, subject
always to obtaining your prior consent, where required, in
accordance with applicable law. Collection of Personal Information
We have collected and will collect the following general categories
of personal information about Consumers:
Personal identifiers, including names, postal addresses, IP
addresses, and email addresses;
Protected classifications, including age;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile. Our service is not offered for children (under 14 years old for
South Korean and under 16 years old for international users). Personal identifiers
Categories of personal information enumerated in
Cal. Code  1789.80 (e)
Protected classification (if provided)
Internet or other electronic network activity
information
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Categories of recipients:
Entities we partner with to assist us with our Weverse community
events. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about
you. Provide you with a different level of quality of goods or
services;
4. Should you choose
to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your
authorized agent to provide us with a signed permission
demonstrating they are authorized to submit a request on your
behalf. Clause Article 14 of this Notice shall not apply. Clause Article 4 (Provision of Personal Information to Third
Parties), Article 5 (Entrustment of Personal Information), and
Article 6 (International Transfer of Personal Information) of this
Notice shall be replaced with the following:
Except in the following cases, we do not provide third parties with
your personal information, unless you consent thereto or the
disclosure is otherwise expressly prescribed in applicable law. Purpose of use: Same as listed in Details About Providing
Personal Information To Third Parties" and Types of personal
information. References
Personal Information Protection Systems of Countries Receiving
Information
Provision by Entrustment
The company has entrusted specialized companies and platforms with
the tasks of processing personal information within reasonable
scopes, in order to achieve the purposes of providing service and
fulfilling contracts, and improving the convenience of customers.