Find a Job
Join Your Community
Hire Great Talent
Recruit Sign In
Post Jobs for Free
Recruit Sign In
Post Jobs for Free
Seasoned Privacy Statement
Last Updated: December 30, 2019
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit, access or use the websites (collectively and individually, the Site) and related products and services, mobile applications, developer platforms, premium services, plug-ins or any content or information provided as part of the Site (the Services), which are provided by Seasoned, LLC (together with our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, Seasoned, we, our or us). If you use our Site or Services, you may be required to provide us certain information. Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may or may not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. We may collect information regarding your location, through the Google Maps API or otherwise. We may use your personal information to facilitate our Site and Services in relation to our users, partners, advertisers, developers, and other websites. We may use your personal information to improve our Site and Services or to make our Site and Services easier to use by, for example, eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information, customizing our Site or Services to your particular preference or interests, or suggesting connections based on shared work history. Additionally, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. In those cases, we provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to respond to your request, and these companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. Disclosure in connection with transactions. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to support@seasoned.co or write us at: 6504 Bridge Point Parkway, Suite 425, Austin, TX 78730. Our Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian or otherwise believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us so that we can delete the childs information. Certain features of the Services may be made available on a paid basis. There are no refunds for any prepaid fees. In the event you cancel your Purchase, you shall receive no pro-rata refund or exchange for any unused Purchase or for any fees paid to us prior to such cancellation. By using any paid feature, you (i) authorize Company to charge you a fee at the then-current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Services and (ii) represent and warrant to Company that you have the right and authority to use the payment method provided to the Company. You agree that Promo Codes: (a) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (b) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by Company; (c) may be disabled by Company at any time for any reason without liability to Company; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that Company establishes for such Promo Code; (d) are not valid for cash; and (e) may expire prior to your use. Your California Privacy Rights
Your Rights and Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights please contact us at the email address or phone number listed above. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.