LegalTermsPrivacy PolicyCookies PolicyLegal NoticeTransparency ReportDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationIntroduction1. In this Privacy Policy, you'll find all the information you need on how we process personal data. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices and provides useful information about how we use the personal information of individuals using our services or interacting with us. This document applies when you visit any website or app operated by Twelve-App (TWELVE APP, we, us, our) or under the Yubo brand, and/or when you use any product or service provided by Twelve-App. It means that all the features on Yubo have been built to be privacy-oriented from day one and so that we do not have to seek data that we do not need. This information is not visible to other users. Your face should be clearly recognizable in your profile picture. We also require an additional picture of your face to estimate your age from your facial features, to make sure that it is consistent with the birth date you indicated in your profile. If you wish to become a verified profile, or if we have a reasonable doubt about your identity or age, we will request an ID document and a real-time selfie. In addition, this location service based on GPS data is not available to users under 15 years old. Your use of our services leads to the collection of the following data:the YUBO id associated with your account,the date you signed up,the date you last logged in,your country of residence, based on the country code of your phone number (not your geolocation),your settings on YUBO, such as notification preferences,your interactions with the YUBO features and other users (such as the number of likes or dislikes via the swipe feature).Information about your purchases on Yubo. To improve our services and the user experienceMeasure how you use our services, which features you like the most, which ones you like less, make usage statistics of our app, and analyze them. We rely on Twelve-Apps legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing your personal data under this Section 4.2. Access to your device's photo album, camera and micro to share images, videos and sound on Yubo. Check out our Cookie Policy for more information. We are required to contribute to the fight against criminal offenses online, to promptly remove or disable access to unlawful content as soon as we become aware of it, to notify competent authorities of some types of infringements, and to preserve data for investigations upon request. This notably includes the processing of your requests to exercise your privacy rights in accordance with Section 9.We rely on the relevant legal obligation to which we are subject as a legal basis for processing your personal data under this Section 4.5.Also note that, if necessary, we will use personal information to exercise or defend our legal rights in court, relying on our legitimate interest(s).4.6. Our moderators are trained to identify situations requiring urgent reporting to authorities, depending on the context; they create internal reports to be examined before being transmitted to the competent authorities. Videos and images from live videos are deleted quickly (within minutes to hours). We will retain content that is in violation of our Community Guidelines for a certain period of time, even if that content has been removed from the Yubo platform. Your interactions with our support team can be kept for up to 5 years after the ticket is closed. It helps us follow up on our actions regarding support and defend ourselves in the event of a claim or legal action. We only select service providers who offer strong data protection guarantees and who agree to security and confidentiality obligations. Data You ShareWhen you use our services, for example, by chatting with another user or showing yourself in a live video, you share personal data with other users. For that reason, Twelve-App needs to transfer (via communication, access, storage) your personal data in other jurisdictions than the one to which you belong, including in countries with different privacy laws and which may not be recognized as "adequate" by the European Commission, especially the United States of America. That is why it is also your responsibility to keep your data such as your password confidential and to immediately notify us in case of a breach of confidentiality of your account data.9. You can also request to delete your account in the YUBO settings > Delete my account. You have a right to withdraw your consent if we rely on your consent to process your data. Depending on applicable laws in the country where you reside, we may require parental consent before you can use Yubo. The data will be kept for up to 2 years after the last contact with the candidate, or sooner if requested by the latter.