INTRODUCTIONBy accessing or using Aschats services, you agree to be bound by these terms, including our Privacy and Cookie Policies, so it is important that you read this agreement carefully before you create an account. We may update the terms from time to time, so you should check this page regularly for updates. You will have no right to register, log in or use the services covered by the Agreement unless and until you have accepted all the provisions of the Agreement. After such modifications to the provisions of the agreement by Aschat, any user who does not accept the modified provisions shall immediately cease using Aschat, and the user's continued use of the services of Aschatshall be deemed as his or her acceptance of the modified Terms of Service.2. If at any time you cease to meet these requirements, you must immediately delete your account. You are expressly prohibited from posting inappropriate content. While using our Services, you will have access to: (i) content that you upload or provide while using our Services (Your Content); (ii) content that other users upload or provide while using our Services (Member Content); and (iii) content that Aschatprovides on and through our Services (Our Content). YOUR CONTENTYou are responsible for Your Content. If you choose to reveal any personal information about yourself to other users, you do so at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that Your Content may be viewed by other users, and, notwithstanding these Terms, other users may share Your Content with third parties. By uploading Your Content, you represent and warrant to us that you have all necessary rights and licenses to do so and automatically grant us a license to use Your Content. You do not have any rights in relation to Member Content, and you may only use Member Content to the extent that your use is consistent with our Services purpose of allowing use to communicate with and meet one another. For as long as you comply with these Terms, Aschatgrants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use our Services for purposes as intended by Aschatand permitted by these Terms and applicable laws.5. Aschatmay offer products and services for purchase through iTunes, Google Play or other external services authorized by Aschat(each, an External Service, and any purchases made thereon, an External Service Purchase). If you purchase a subscription, it will automatically renew until you cancel, in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase, as further described below. Subscriptions automatically renew until you cancel. When making a purchase on the Service, you may have the option to pay through an External Service, such as with your Apple ID or Google account (your External Service Account), and your External Service Account will be charged for the purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase and the general terms applicable to your External Service Account. If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your Payment Method, Aschatmay terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion, on the basis that you have determined that you do not want a Aschatsubscription. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for the price and time period you agreed to when subscribing, until you cancel. If a payment is not successfully processed, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer, or other provider of your chosen Payment Method.6c. Virtual Items represent a limited license right governed by this Agreement, and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, no title or ownership in or to Virtual Items is being transferred or assigned to you. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use; however, the license granted to you in Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, on the earlier of when Aschatceases providing our Services, or your account is otherwise closed or terminated. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH OUR SERVICES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. To request a refund:If you subscribed using your Apple ID, refunds are handled by Apple, not Aschat. IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold harmless Aschatand its subsidiaries, affiliates, high-level executives, agents, brand co-owners or other partners, and employees from and against any claim or request proposed by any third person arising or resulting from the content you provide, publish or transmit via these services, your connection with these services, your violation of this user agreement or your infringement on any right of others, including but not limited to reasonable attorney fees, and bear all the legal responsibilities arising therefrom.8. Any word both capitalized and uncapitalized will be deemed to have the same meaning.11. ENTIRE AGREEMENTThis Agreement supersedes any previous agreements or representations. These Terms, with the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and any Additional Terms Upon Purchase, contain the entire agreement between you and Aschatregarding the use of our Services. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.