Terms of UseUpdated May 26, 2021California subscribers: You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. These Terms govern and apply to your access and use of Skout's social networking services available via Skout's mobile apps (Skout, Flurv, and BoyAhoy) (collectively, the "Apps") and Skout's websites (www.skout.com) (collectively, the "Sites"). It's important that you review the Terms whenever we modify them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted modified Terms, you are agreeing to be bound by the modified Terms. Except as may be expressly specified otherwise by Company with respect to paid portions of the Services, we reserve the right to add, change, suspend or discontinue the Services, or any aspect or feature of the Services, without notice or liability. You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by Company on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or any other rights or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. If you are a previous Skout Premium subscriber and try to claim a free trial, you should be aware that Apple or Google may recognize your ineligibility. If you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason, you will lose all unused Subscription time without refund or other compensation. Purchases of Virtual Currency and Gifts may not be sub-licensed and are non-refundable and non-transferable, even if they expire or are revoked or discontinued. Rules and Restrictions and Our Enforcement RightsContent and Conduct PolicyWe ask that you respect our community of users and our desire for such users to feel safe when using the Services, including any Content. Skout is for your personal use only and you may not use it for any other purpose. IF THESE TERMS RELATING TO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEDURES ARE LEGALLY UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WILL BE INAPPLICABLE TO THAT CLAIM, AND THAT CLAIM WILL INSTEAD BE HANDLED THROUGH LITIGATION IN COURT RATHER THAN BY ARBITRATION. If you win the arbitration, we will reimburse you for any fees you paid to the arbitration organization and/or arbitrator. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls. You may click on the following links:http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/andhttp://www.aboutads.info/choices/for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies or web beacons. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. We do not collect personal information from you on the website or mobile app unless you are logged onto our service. However, in certain circumstances, we may ask you to consent to our processing biometric information and identifiers to fight fraudulent accounts (including bots) and other misuse of our Services, to increase the safety and integrity of the Services, and as described here. We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age and gender), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads. We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyones personal information. We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. We will comply with all deletion requests to the extent permissible by law and will not delete data that we are legally required to maintain (such as data subject to a current and valid preservation order or transaction data required for audit or substantiation purposes).VIII.California Resident RightsNotice of Right to Know About Information Collected. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. Alternatively, you may call us toll free at 866-217-8131. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request. These reports will be provided free of charge. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Service or The Meet Group, Inc. in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing, our use of your Personal Data is governed by the VCDPA Notice in current effect.