Privacy Policy
Last updated November 11, 2021
Zag Technologyis focused on getting your security. We don't collect logs of your development, including no logging of looking at history, traffic objective, or DNS demands. We didn't give any sort of online help for content you cover utilizing our associations. Zag Technology isn't open for the data identified with the individual data of clients, including, regardless, not restricted to names (partner names, client names, and screen names), addresses (counting street numbers, private region, workplaces), and phones, besides if the information you give reliant upon the setting of your relationship with us and the decisions you make, including your security settings, and the things and components you use to control your investment and for the inspiration to exploit our apps associations. With the exception of the restricted outstanding cases, we don't typically amass any Personal Information from you. You might decide to not get displaying messages by following the quit method depicted in these messages. We don't know which client was identified with our application and make which action. For the inspiration to satisfy our truly confining responsibilities inconsistency with normal expectedness and to cause you to appreciate radiant application associations, we collect the going with data identified with your application use:
Current Location
We utilize the client's present locale in our aide, course, and district association Apps for the going with clarification;
To share the client's present locale by the client's exhorting apps. To discover the client's normal course from the current district to objective. We don't save, move, or offer your texts. Camera
We obtain enlistment to the client's camera to take photographs and narratives. We neither save nor offer or move the client's information. Calendar Events
We procure consent to the client's plan occasions to remind clients about the client's most recent schedule occasions. As to information, we've arranged our designs to totally get out the constraint of delicate information. We never know HOW they have used our Service. ADVERTISING
We don't work any ads for the VIP participation of our organizations. As well, we are happy to offer free, publicizing maintained App organizations to the customers. Exactly when we have no nonstop genuine business need to deal with your own information, we will either delete or anonymize it or then again, in case this isn't practical (for example, considering the way that your own information has been taken care of in support records), by then, we will securely store your own information and isolate it from any further planning until undoing is possible. Induction to customer information is restricted to staff who require such permission to play out their work limits. Laborers are housed in worker ranches with strong security practices. None of these worker ranches anticipate that we should accumulate or store any traffic data or individual information related to your usage of application organizations. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We feel under a particular obligation to safeguard information got from little young people. Your ability to get to and right your information may be momentarily confined where access and cure could: control our ability to conform to a legal responsibility; upset our ability to investigate, make or safeguard genuine cases; achieve the openness of individual information about an untouchable; or result in a break of an arrangement or exposure of restrictive benefits or other selective business information having a spot with us or an outcast. GDPR
Zag Technology is focused on customer security around the world, and individual information under customers' impact and an immaterial combination of data is our present practice. Managing customer enrollments and dealing with portions. Enhancing the quality, reliability, and feasibility of our Services and Apps. You can pull out your consent at whatever point. As well, you hold the choice to stop exhibiting correspondences we send you at whatever point. If we significantly change the way we use or offer individual information as of late assembled from you through our application organizations, we will advise you through our APP, email, or other correspondence. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We might refresh this Privacy Policy periodically.