LiveMe+ Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 15, 2023
LiveMe+ (referred to as we, us, or our) are committed to safeguarding the personal information it
collects when you use our website at www.emolm.com(the Site), mobile applications that hyperlink to this
Policy (the Apps) and together, the Services. If you
continue using the Services after the modified Policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Policy. When you create an account, we may collect the personal information you provide to
LiveMe+, such as your name, gender, date of birth, username, password, email address, picture, or phone
number and so on. We may collect some
personal information, such as your email address, name, and other information provided by you when you
communicate your opinions or inquiries about our application and services via our
feedback channel. We may collect this information to enable special video effects,
for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other
non-personally-identifying operations. A device identifier
may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may
help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. We may use cookies and similar technologies like
pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use our Product and its
features. In addition, in Settings, other user log information
including all your activities in our Product, such as gifting, commenting, logging in, recharging details
where may required for payment including but not limited to bill address, payment method, card number,
purchase amount and transaction historical records, and chatting within 3-4 days, will be uploaded to us to
help fix bugs and provide the Services, etc. Automated data collection does not lead
to profiling that significantly affects LiveMe+ users, but simply gives LiveMe+ a broad picture of its users
and broadcasters. INSTALLED APPLICATION INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED FOR
COMPLIANCE PURPOSE. Upon your request, we may collect or share information about you or
others from third-party products or services integrated into our Services. D. Enforce Terms, Agreements or Policies. We cannot perform our Services in accordance
with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes. F. Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance. If you choose to limit the
ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you. We also may share your personal information with our service providers for the realization of relevant
functions and the safe and stable operation of applications. In order to allow users to find videos across
youtube.com and feature them in LiveMe, we have accessed YouTube application programming interface(API)
provided by YouTube. Responding to Legal Requests and Preventing Harm. In addition,
we require all our service providers handling personal information also maintain appropriate physical,
technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal
information you provide to us. Do not leave your device unlocked while your are away. Please contact us if you have any questions about our
retention periods. Once you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we add your contact information to our
suppression list to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request. \tDo Not Track
We do not track or respond to browser \"DO-NOT-TRACK\" requests. We may
ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your
IP address or MCC (mobile county code) to identify which country you are located in. To opt out of the emails,
please click the unsubscribe link at the end of marketing emails. Marketing communications are promotional
in nature and do not include transactional or Service-related communications. We may limit your
individual rights in the following ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and
Where the request is frivolous or burdensome. If we rely on consent to process your personal information,
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If we process your personal information based on a contract
with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to
receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another controller,
where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of
others. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact us at support@emolm.com,
with a copy to: legal@emolm.com.