videoher's Privacy PolicyDate of Last Revision: March 14th, 2023Welcome to videoher (the Platform,videoher, we or us). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.The SummaryIf you clicked through to here from our Terms and Conditions of Use, you should read this privacy policy because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by videoher and thats a pretty important thing for you to know. What Information do We CollectWe collect and process information you give us when you create an account and upload content to the Platform.2. We use your information to, among other things, improve and develop the Platform and ensure your safety.3. We will also retain your data if we believe it is or will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. ChangeWe will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. Information we collect automaticallyOnce you have created a Profile, you may choose to edit your gender, birthday and other information. Moreover, we will automatically track certain information such as your IP, device information (model, system, MCC). All such information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, payment partners and analytics providers. We may also share your information to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law in our discretion. With Your ConsentWe may share information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or with your further direction. To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on videoher, other users will have chance to check your information you post on Profile. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, You should be cautious to disclose personal information while engaging. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. If you want to stop using your account it will be initially deactivated. This means that no user will be able to obtain your information. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on videoher, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and destinations. SecurityHow does videoher protect your personal information?videoher has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal information. Once we have received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access. How do you keep your information secure?You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. ChildrenThe Platform otherwise is not directed to children under the age of 18. In certain cases this age may be different due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local privacy policy for more information. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 18 we will delete this information and terminate the persons account. But we recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to consider carefully about the disclosed information of other users. Moreover, please be careful to post sensitive details about yourself on your Profile such as your religious denomination and health details.