Privacy Policy
Welcome and thank you for choosing Chikii. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, ourTerms of Use and End User License Agreement(the Terms). When you register for an account or during the use of the Services, we may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, ID/passport number, portrait, phone number, email address, IP address, device identifier, geological location, billing information, and so on, as well as non-personally identifiable information, such as messages, images, VoIP data, audio-video streaming data, other content you sent and other activities you done under the Services, to enable the functions and features of the Services and comply with applicable laws. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them by canceling your account. Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, scripts and similar technologies are used by us. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Services, tracking your movements around the Sites, Software and App, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Please refer to the manual or help of such browser applications for the method of changing cookies settings. 2.Information We Collect on Behalf of Third Parties
Cookies and tracking technologies. However, we won't collect telephony information such as IMEI and device ID. d) CAMERA
With users consent, we might access camera or capturing images/video from the device. This permission allows Chikii to capture the user's selfies in order for them to be viewed in the profile, allows the user to take photos and send to friends on Chikii, or allows the user to video chat with people they meet on Chikii. II.HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
1.How We Use Your Information
A.We use the information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We and/or our stakeholders may buy or sell/divest/transfer the Company (including any shares in the Company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information may be provided to them for such functions including without limitation professional analysis, technological maintenance and payment processing. ( We will disclose your information where required to do so by law, if subject to court orders or other legal proceeding or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to comply with a legal obligation; (c) to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public; (d) to enforce our Terms or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (e) to protect and defend the legitimate rights or property of the Company, Related Companies, our users or other persons. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with the Related Companies, agents and business partners. The laws of the place where information is collected, processed or used may not be as comprehensive or protective as the laws of the country where you live. 2.Retention of Your Information
A.If you have an account with us, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to be ready to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. So long as applicable laws mandatorily require, you have the right to request that we provide, rectify or delete the personal data or restrict the processing of your personal data. For example, if we have no lawful basis to keep using your information, or if you think your personal information is inaccurate and wish to correct it. We encourage you to contact us first, as we will do our very best to resolve your concern. VI.COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
1.The GDPR
We make every endeavor to comply with the GDPR framework as set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data in relation to European Union member countries. 2.Childrens Privacy
Our Services are not for users below age 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. 3.Do Not Track Policy
California law requires that operators of websites and online services disclose how they respond to a Do Not Track signal. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds include but are not limited to:
A.To perform the contractual obligations. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third partys own rules and policies. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will give you a notification via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, Software and/or App, prior to the change becoming effective. 5.This document is written in the English language and shall be the only authentic text.