The information we collect and the purposes for which we use or disclose it will depend to some extent on how you use the Service and how you interact with us. Please read this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service (TOS) carefully. If you allow such access, we collect your geographic location to determine your distance from other users through GPS, Wi-Fi and/or cellular technology in your device. Please see Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track below.3. Please see How We Can Use Your Information, How We Can Disclose Your Information, Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track, Your Choices Regarding Your Information, Your Rights and Retention below. To communicate with you to provide information, Service-related notifications, promotions and recommendations, including, without limitation, based on information you provide in your profile such as community identifications (including those related to health details and gender identity), sex preferences, and safer-sex practices.6. For personalization and enhancement of your experience using the Service, including to remember your interests and preferences, customize our products and services that we provide you with, facilitate your interactions with us and track and categorize your activity and interests on the Service.8. To Conduct Service Provider, Third Party and/or Other Party Promotions.10. To improve the Service and to develop new services and products.14. Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track. Please see Information We Collect above.4. The geographic location of a user of the Service can be used to determine which services, disclosures, features, content and information will be available to you and certain services, disclosures, features and content and information made available through the Service may only be available to users in certain geographic locations. We can also run advertising on other websites, applications and services via our advertising display partners. We can disclose your geographic location information and any other information that we collect or that you provide in connection with your use of the Service and any other information derived from or based upon the foregoing information with service providers, third parties and/or other parties. Other parties such as law enforcement, government entities, courts or service providers, third parties and/or any other parties as required or allowed by applicable law and/or for enforcement of or applying our TOS and Profile Guidelines, such as for the legal and safety purposes described in How We Can Use Your Information above or otherwise to help prevent harm or fraud to us, you or others.9. We can disclose your information for any other purpose for which we provide you with notice, subject to applicable law.14. Session cookies exist only during a visitors or users online session and disappear from the visitors or users device when they close the browser software.2. Advertising identifiers are unique strings associated with your device provided by the operating system. Google Analytics uses cookies and persistent device identifiers to collect and store such information as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Service, IP address, and type of operating system used. At this time, we do not respond to "do not track" signals sent from Web browsers or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about a users online activities over time and across service provider, third party and/or other party Internet services. Please be aware, however, that no security measures can guarantee absolute security. No Internet, email or application transmission or method of electronic storage is ever fully secure or error free. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these websites or applications or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to these websites, applications or content. Changing Your Information and Privacy Settings. To request confirmation of whether or not we process your personal information, details of the information that we hold about you and how we use it and to access your personal information and to be provided with a copy, please submit a support request at https://support.scruff.com for users of the SCRUFF App or at https://support.jackd.com for users of the Jackd App or contact customer service from within any of our other services or products. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Principles, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. If you have elected to receive email communications from us, we retain information about your email preferences until you opt out of receiving these email communications and in accordance with our policies. Please also see Your Choices Regarding Your Information and Your Rights above. ChildrenWe do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under age 18. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above.