Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyLast updated March 17, 2023Thank you for using Clubhouse!Clubhouse is a new type of social network based on voice. Social Media And Contact InformationYou may choose to connect your other social media accounts, or sync your contacts. B. Information We Get When You Use Our ProductsWhen you use our Products, we collect additional personal information based on your activity and other personal information you might choose to provide. This is part of our commitment to users under our Terms of Service to provide the safest possible space for their conversations, and to combat illegal and harmful conduct and content. This video file is not transmitted to Clubhouse or stored by Clubhouse. Other CommunicationsWe collect information about the messages you send us when you contact us with questions or feedback, including the contents of those messages. Similarly, if you invite somebody to join Clubhouse, we will store a hash value derived from the phone number you provide. Cookie InformationWe use cookies (small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your Clubhouse account or your browser) to get log data. Other cookies are used to help us track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns on other platforms. Clubhouse does not collect names or any other information associated with your contacts, and we do not share the hash values we collect or make them available to others. Develop, operate, improve, maintain, and protect our Products. We may, however, disclose that information to:Other online services you connect to your Clubhouse account. Service providers and other third partiesWe employ third parties to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including providers of services relating to cloud computing, analytics, security, enforcement of content policies (including our Community Guidelines), and user support. We may delete some personal information earlier based on changes to your account settings, such as if you instruct us to delete your Contacts. If we receive a complaint while the room is live, we will retain the recording as long as reasonably necessary to investigate the potential violation. When Replays are enabled, the recording will be stored by Clubhouse and may be made available to other users on Clubhouse or other people outside of Clubhouse. Contact UsThe best way to manage personal information about you as described above or get in touch with us is through your account settings or via our Knowledge Center. You can submit a request for this information via our Privacy Center. For each category of personal information we have collected, we reference the category or categories of personal information in the CCPA that most closely describe the personal informationPersonal Information Handling PracticesCCPA CategoryCategory Of Personal Information We CollectIdentifiersName, username, telephone number, e-mail address, IP address, profile picture, purchase or transaction history, information provided in users profile or bioCategories listed in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. When you set up an account, we may ask you to provide information about yourself, including your name, phone number, email address, and age (Account Data). Clubhouse may use third parties or service providers to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy, audit interactions and transactions with you, address security, fix errors, maintain accounts and provide customer service, assist with our internal research, and verify service quality or safety. We may disclose your personal information to relevant government regulatory authorities if we believe the disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation; protect the safety, rights or property of the public, or any person or Clubhouse; or to detect, prevent or otherwise address illegal conduct, fraud, technical or security issues.4. You can read about the personal data we collect from you in the Information We Collect section in our Privacy Policy above (including personal data we may receive from third parties  see Information From Third Parties section above), and how we use it in the How We Use The Information We Collect section above. Where we rely on your consent to process personal data about you, you have the right to later withdraw your consent in the manner indicated when you consent or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. ConversationsContractual NecessityUntil the room creator instructs us to remove the Replay or deletes their accountAllow users to record portions of conversations using the Clips functionality, as described under the Information We Collect section of the Privacy Policy and Section 3.C of our Terms of Service. For further information, you can review EU adequacy decisions here, and you can review UK adequacy decisions here. If we transfer your personal data to a country that is not deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection, in order to protect your personal data we may use contractual clauses approved for use in the EU and/or UK in accordance with the EU and/or UK data protection regime(s).If you fail to provide personal data. Thank you for using Clubhouse!Information For Europeans Data Subjects Who Have Not Used Our ProductsLast updated February 4, 2023Non-User Data NoticeIf you have not set up an account, or used our Products as a guest after agreeing to our terms and conditions, (a Non-User or you), Clubhouse may process your phone number if a Clubhouse user has your phone number saved in the contact list stored in their device and chooses to share those contacts with Clubhouse, or sends you an invitation by typing in your phone number. We process them for no more than a few seconds to create cryptographic hash values derived from the phone numbers. If we transfer your personal data to a country that is not deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection, in order to protect your personal data we may use contractual clauses approved for use in the EU and/or UK in accordance with the EU and/or UK data protection regime(s).Contact usAlpha Exploration Co. (trading as Clubhouse) is responsible for Non-User data.