Help CenteriOSAndroidWebDMsModerationTerminologyCommunityLegalContactOpen main menuHomeLegalPrivacy PolicyTruth Social Privacy PolicyThe information we collect and how we use itLast updated 12/2/2022TRUTH SOCIAL operates a website, a mobile application and related platform features available through its website (Website) or its mobile application (App). Data Processor, for the purposes of the GDPR refers to the Company as the legal person which processes Personal Data. If you access the Website from a mobile phone, tablet, automobile, or other Device, we may collect and store information such as Device type, operating system version and type, wireless carrier, performance metrics of our Website or App, and other related information. Other InformationWe may collect certain information through the use of log files and servers. We do not sell or give your Personal Data or Personal Information to companies, including political candidates or campaigns, for their own marketing purposes without your permission. We do use Personal Data and Personal Information, however, to contact you, provide you with technical support, send you notices about the Website and App or other promotional offers you have elected to receive, and to serve you with ads that are more relevant to your interests. Cookies and other tracking technologies help Truth Social understand how you use the Truth Social Website and App and provide us with an understanding of how our users utilize our services. Persistent cookies authenticate you as a user and track your behavior on the website or through the mobile application. Your Account Information will be retained by us while your Account and profile is active. We will retain and use this information for the purposes for which it was collected (as specified in this Policy or as we disclose to you outside of this Policy), including, to provide information and products to you, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
agreements. Protect and defend the rights or property of the Truth Social or the legal rights of third parties or our employees, agents, and contractors (including under us agreements).Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website or App. Additionally, we may share information we gather from Devices you use to access the Website or App with third-party vendors, manufacturers, service providers or advertising entities. If there is a transfer or sharing of your Personal Data or Personal Information in accordance with this Policy, we will seek assurances from the recipients of such information (prior to the transfer) that they will safeguard the information in a manner consistent with this Policy. When you communicate with others by sending or receiving Truth Socials direct messages, we will save the messages along with certain information necessary for processing them for either seven (7), fourteen (14), thirty (30), or ninety (90) days, as elected by the user. You may change this election at any time. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR. Legitimate interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us. You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. We may use or disclose personal information we collect for "business purposes" or "commercial purposes" (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:To fulfill or meet the reason a Consumer provided the information. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, App, products, and services. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:Category A: Identifiers. Category F: Internet or other similar network activity5. Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of AgeWe do not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors under the age of 16 through our Website or App, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies, and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable Consumer request (see Exercising Consumer CCPA Data Protection Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) the relevant Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Suggesting that Consumers will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or service.f) Exercising Consumer CCPA Data Protection Rights In order to exercise any of Consumer rights under the CCPA, a California resident can contact us: By email: [emailprotected]Only a Consumer, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that a Consumer authorizes to act on his or her behalf, may make a verifiable request related to a Consumers Personal Information. You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to us with the subject line, Nevada Do Not Sell Request along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current Account holder or user. P. Changes to our Privacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy will be periodically reviewed and evaluated in connection with new products, new services, new technologies, changes in law, and your needs. You are responsible for updating your Account Information to provide us with your most current email address as the email notice constitutes effective notice of said changes.