Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
About Us
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Last updated date:
Contact us:
This
Privacy Policy explains how
(
, we, or us) process any personal data we collect from visitors and
users of
and any applications, services provided in relation to the website
(collectively, the 
Services). In addition, some
features of the
Services are designed to provide others with information about user
activity, such as identifying the user who created a particular Clip or
the subscription status of users for a given channel. We encourage you
to be mindful of this when considering your activity on the
Services. In addition, if you utilize Real-Person Profile Picture
Authentication, we collect your profile picture and facial-recognition
video for Real-Person Profile Picture Authentication on the premise of
your approval by comparing your profile picture with face-recognition
video. We may also collect, use and share your information to produce and share
aggregated insights that do not identify you. Storage and access to cookies that are set in connection with the
Services are governed by the
Cookie Policy (Cookie Policy). (Cookies) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze
which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your
experience using the Platform and improve our services. By using the
Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies. Because each browser is different, please consult the
instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to
take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. Note that we may process your Personal Information for more than one
lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we use your
Personal Information. How We Share Your Information
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible
to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your
friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines,
content aggregators and news sites. We may disclose your Personal Information to our authorized service
providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to Personal
Information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to
share or use such information for any other purposes. International Data Transfers
Your Personal Information may be processed by us, our trusted third
party suppliers outside of the country (s) in which you reside,
including in countries where data protection and privacy laws or
regulations may be equivalent to, or as protective as, the data
protection laws and regulations in your country. In accordance with
applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, we will
implement appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information
remains protected and secure when it is transferred outside of your
country to a jurisdiction that has a less adequate level of protection
of personal data. Please be
aware that the terms of this privacy policy do not apply to these
third-party websites or mobile applications or content, or to any
collection of information after you click on links to these third-party
websites, mobile applications or content. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and
account information at all times. Your Choices
ou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to
alert you when cookies are being sent. For more information on how to change the advertising
identifier privacy settings on your device, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
or
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
. You will need
to send an email to
if you wish to make such request, and format the subject line as
Identification of Personal Information+Californian+Your
ID. We may ask you to go through a verification process, such as using
your phone number and an instant pin, before we respond to your request. Please note that we will not be able to handle this kind of request if
submitted through postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. To designate
an authorized agent, you will need to execute a valid, legally
enforceable power of attorney (POA) with your agent and submit this
POA together with your request to us. Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from
persons under 18 years-of-age. If we learn that Personal Information of
persons under 18 has been collected on or through the
Services, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. In certain circumstances, we
may be unable to delete your account, such as if theres a balance on
the account or an unresolved claim or dispute. For example, if we deactivate a
users account because of unsafe behavior or security incidents, we may
retain certain information about that account to prevent that user from
opening a new
account in the future. Although
we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this privacy
policy, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date
version found at
Services so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be
reflected in the last updated date.