SUGO's Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision:August 3,2022
Welcome to SUGO(the Platform or SUGO). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. We suggest you read it in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use (the Terms). SUGO reserves the right to change our Policy at any time, so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your information. Disclaimer
X.	Contact
I. What information do we collect
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform. This is only to make sure you are real and breathing! We may collect information related to when and how you used our Services. That information helps us identify your physical location so that it can be displayed and shared with other users choosing to view "nearby" users and moments. if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these social media services, including your contact lists for these services and information relating to your use of the Platform in relation to these services,if you authorize and consent us to do so. develop and test new products and features;
6. monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
7. ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law)
11. may use material that you post on the open access areas of SUGO in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products;
12.combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes. Within Our Corporate Group
We may share your information with a parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of our corporate group for better service. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit. Your Rights
To the extent permitted under applicable laws, regarding your personal information that we process, you have the right to access, the right to rectification, the right to erasure, the right to restriction of processing, the right to withdrawal of your consent, the right to data portability, the right to confirm if we process any personal information of yours, and the right to request a review of any automated decisions that may be made as a result of the processing. And, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights. If you wish to exercise your right against us to process your personal information, correct or delete your personal information that is contrary to facts, notify you of the purpose of use of your personal information, or other rights permitted under applicable laws, you may contact us via contact@sugochat.com. If, however, permitted under applicable laws, we may not be able to respond to your request when any of the following applies:
 is likely to harm the life,body,property,or other rights or interests of yours or another individual/user;
 is likely yo seriously impede the proper execution of our business;
 is likely to violate other laws and regulations;
 when you failed to verify your identity; or
 we are otherwise permitted under applicable laws to refuse your request. You will have 7 days to withdraw your account deletion once you click the Request deletion and Delete accont, if you log in again within this time period it is considered that you have canceled your application of deletion. SUGO has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. Cookies and other technologies
The Platform otherwise is not directed at children under the age of 18. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 18 we will delete this information and terminate the persons account. Disclaimer
Cookies and other technologies
To make the application work effectively, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. You can control whether or not to accept cookies based on settings or by using other tools. With regard to your personal information that is processed by a third-party through a module provided by such third party,the privacy policy of such third party will aplly and we also encourage you review it(if any). Children
You represent and warrant that you have the right capacity and legal capacity required for using SUGO. We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names , addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers or driverslicence details and other sensitive information in your Profile ,which is open to abuse and misuse.