PhotoCircle Privacy Policy
Welcome to PhotoCircle, your solution for truly private photo sharing! Media, including photos, videos, comments and similar types of content, that are uploaded to a Circle can only be viewed by Members of that Circle (its Moderator and any other Members invited by the Moderator or other members). Moderators can also (i) view, add, and delete Contributions from themselves or other Members of their Circles, (ii) invite and remove others from their Circles, and (iii) create and delete their Circles. The Limited role is configured by the PhotoCircle for Business Enterprise Customer, who also sets the rights and privileges of that role which may include viewing and contributing. We aim to operate the most private photo sharing app around. In order to offer a free version, we show advertisements to users of the free App. Below we share more about how advertising works in our App and how you can turn off any personalization. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection and use practices, please contact us at support@photocircleapp.com. You can  but dont have to  add a profile photo in our Settings menu. If you use SSO to create and/or log into your account, we redirect you to the login page of the SSO provider (ex: Google) to enter your credentials, and we never see those credentials. For Apple and Facebook SSO, you can choose whether to share your email with us. When you are invited to become an Enterprise User by your employer (or a company you have another relationship with), your Enterprise User account and activity therein is associated with the Enterprise account. Creating and Sharing a Circle
When you create a new Circle to share photos with select friends, you can choose who to invite to that Circle. Data about Enterprise Users is generally accessible to, modifiable by, and removable by the Enterprise administrative account(s). Once you confirm that you want to delete, well remove that Media from the Circle and our systems, and it will no longer be visible to other Members. This also includes a hashed form of your email address, your IP Address, and information about your browser or operating system, which may be shared with our identity/service providers, such as LiveRamp, Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in a first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. In no case do we share or reveal your personal information. You can control this process on both Apple and Google platforms, as well as with LiveRamp, though the process differs. If you use iOS version 14 or later, you may be prompted to Allow tracking across apps and can tap Ask App not to track to opt-out of tracking. If you do not allow tracking, we will not use IDFA to advertise to you. You will still see ads, but they will not be personalized. The App shares these identifiers directly and solely for the purpose of finding a personalized ad directly for your device, and does not store the Ad identifiers or delivered advertisements on our systems. This may include sharing with a potential successor-in-interest in a business transaction. Nonetheless, we do not track Website visitors on any identifiable basis whatsoever. We still offer all of our users certain options to exercise control over their information, regardless of their residency:
Right to Know: You have the right to request that we disclose to you the personal information about you we collect, use, or disclose, and information about our data handling practices with respect to your information;
Right to Request Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected from you; and
Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We license server spaces that encrypt data sent to the App and displayed by the App, both while at rest in our database and in transit between the App and those databases. You choose who to share it with from there. If you email us, we will comply with your requests to update or remove your personal information within a reasonable time period unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. If you are the Moderator of any Circle, and (1) if the Circle has another Moderator, they will be promoted to manage the Circles continuing use, or (2) if the Circle has no other Moderators but has other Members, another Contributor will be promoted to manage the Circle, or (3) if the Circle has no other Members, the Circle will be orphaned and removed during routine system maintenance. PhotoCircle, Inc.
1968 S. Coast Hwy #2844
Laguna Beach, CA 92651
support@photocircleapp.com
 2012-2023 PhotoCircle, Inc. All Rights Reserved.