Browser
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.browser.privatebrowser.web
Privacy Policy
Effective date: Oct 19,2021
Browser ("us", "we", or "our") operates the mobile application (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when
you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy,
terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. Personally
identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain
information
automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use,
your mobile
device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating
system, the
type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other
diagnostic data
("Usage Data"). Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our
Service and
hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie
is being
sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some
portions of our
Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember
your
preferences and various settings. We use Security Cookies for security
purposes. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we
transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
represents your agreement to that transfer. Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Browser may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith
belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Browser
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission
over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we
strive to use
commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee
its
absolute security. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service
("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related
services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. App PermissionsACCESS_NETWORK_STATEINTERNETCAMERAWRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGEREAD_EXTERNAL_STORAGEINSTALL_SHORTCUTFOREGROUND_SERVICE
Purchase for products/services
No, we do not sell or allow users to pay for products/services
Remarketing services for marketing & advertising purposes
Yes, we use remarketing services to advertise our website/app for the following way. Google AdMob
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you
click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you
are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please
contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification
of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to
the change
becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy
Policy. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: nehacybase@gmail.com.