LikeU
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EULA
Contact Us
LikeU Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of LikeU. LikeU is a fun App that aims to provide users with real-time online
video chats. This Privacy Policy covers what LikeU Inc (LikeU LikeU App we our ) does with the Personal
Information (as defined herein) that you share with us and the data we collect when you are accessing our App
and/or our Service. In addition, unless you
opt-out (which you may do so at any time in the settings of our application), your Profile is discoverable
by other users. If done so, we will not be able to offer some of our
features on our service. We may collect
information including but not limited to:
- How you interact with the services, such as which filters you view or the number of times apply to
discover. - How you communicate with other LikeU users, such as their names, the time and date of your
communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages
with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a
screenshot). We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model, operating system
version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type,
language, wireless network, none direct display of content moderation, and mobile network information
(including the mobile phone number). Your photos and videos may be captured by other users on the service, and those content
can be stored and used by us or third party services for content moderation and community safety monitoring
purposes. Like most online services and mobile
applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique
advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Keep in
mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our
services. That information includes,
among other things:
- Details about how youve used our services. - Pages you visited before or after navigating to our website. But we do a lot
more as well, such as:
- Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services. How We Share Information
In certain instances, we may share your personal information with third-party service providers to further
improve and optimize our service for you. We may share information about you in the following ways:
- With other users. For example, when you let us access your
device phonebook, we may share information about you with other users who have your phone number in their
device phonebook;
- With all users and the general public. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that
disclosing the information is needed to:
- Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;
- Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations;
- Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and resolve any fraud or
security concerns. - In the aggregate or after de-identification. You expressly agree that information provided when you register the App and/or the content your created when
using the App (including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and
other content), may be recorded, stored, published and made available to the rest of LikeU users. We therefore urge
you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in the information you
provided or content that you create in the App. If you do not agree with all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our service. By going
to those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you
may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You
acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. And we may also retain
certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. Control over Your Information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools. There are limits though to the requests well accommodate. You have the right to ask for your personal information to be deleted in certain circumstances. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use
commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, subject to any applicable legal or
otherrequirement to maintain certain records of your personally identifiable data. Sometimes, well let you know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy thats available on our
website and mobile application.