GROWLR terms of use agreement
Virginia Residents: Jump to Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act Privacy Notice
Updated as of December 31, 2019
GROWLR (GROWLR or the Service) is owned and operated by The Meet Group, Inc. If you have any
questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@themeetgroup.com. After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or
her in-person. You should review these settings regularly. In addition, as with most location-enabled applications, we and our third-party partners may access
your location any time your device is on, whether or not you are logged-in to our Service. The personal information you post or share with others may in turn
be shared by them with still other users and it may also show up when someone uses a public search
engine (even if that person is not a user of our Service). You can instruct your browser, by editing its
options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you
visit. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant
to be exhaustive. This email will be stored in our servers while you have an account with any of
our Services. We receive and record information from your
device or browser, including your mobile device identification (AdID (Google), IDFA (Apple), device
ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location. You should carefully review the Terms of Services and privacy policies of the
platforms that you use to access our Service. Advertisers may use these and other sources in connection with our Service in order to
collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of
delivering relevant advertising. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you request, (ii) when you provide
your explicit consent, (iii) for our legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and
records, securing and protecting the integrity of our Service, and for Service development; and (iv)
to meet applicable legal requirements. We send data to companies we do not own for the following reasons:
to verify accounts and activity;
combat harmful conduct, such as abusive behavior and other violations of our
Terms of Services;
detect and prevent spam;
detect and prevent fraud;
maintain the integrity of our Service; and
promote safety and security on our Service, such as monitoring for illegal activity and
reporting to the appropriate authorities. Advertising: We use cookies and your AdID and IDFA to deliver relevant. Deletion of Your Personal Information
You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal
course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. California residents have
the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell
personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100
Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at
support@themeetgroup.com. Alternatively, you may
call us toll free at 866-217-8131. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior
to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email
you used when making your request. We do not currently respond or take any action
with respect to web browser do not track signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability
to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about that users online activities
over time and across third-party web sites or online services. Please see sections VI
and VII above for more information. You can manage your account settings and email marketing preferences in the Settings section. If we make a change regarding
our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address,
phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any
personal information relating to Users of Our Services. If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us. If TMG is acting as a processor of
your Personal Data on behalf of another controller, please contact the entity that collected your
Personal Data in the first instance regarding your rights under the VCDPA. We will honor such request but might not be able to fulfill your request
if it is impossible to do so or would involve disproportionate effort, or if we have a good-faith,
reasonable, and documented belief that a request to correct is fraudulent or abusive. If we require more time, we will
notify you of the extension and provide an explanation of the reason for the extension in writing,
and we will provide you with a response no later than ninety (90) calendar days of receipt of the
request. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing,
our use of your Personal Data is governed by the VCDPA Notice in current effect.