Letterboxd  Your life in film
Username or Email
Password
Remember me
Forgotten password? Consent: By accepting our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy when you create a Letterboxd account, and by accessing and using the Website, App or API, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and processing of your information in accordance with this PrivacyPolicy. Personal information: In order to use particular services that we offer, you may need to submit certain personal information such as your email address, name, address, telephone number, gender and date of birth. Cookies: A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique ID in the first-party domain that is accessible to our ad partners. This ID can be utilized to improve user matching, especially when delivering ads to iOS and macOS browsers. Log data: We also receive information when you view content on, or otherwise interact with, our services, which we refer to as Log Data, even if you have not created a Letterboxd account. We use Log Data to operate our services and to ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. We do not otherwise store any of your payment information. All payments are processed by Paddle, Apple or Google as merchant of record (collectively, the Resellers). As the payment process is entirely and independently carried out by the Resellers, you submit the relevant payment details directly to the Reseller. For web subscriptions (Products), Paddle allows the Service to access the following payment data: your email address and your payment method (e.g. by credit card), but not the specifics of the payment itself, in order to obtain an overview over the Products performance. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data, which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing. Access to and updates of information: You may request at any time to access the personal information that we hold on your behalf or to correct or update any of your personal information (to the extent that you are unable to do so yourself on the Website). If you have registered an account with Letterboxd, you can access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account via your Settings page on the Website. Global operations and Privacy Shield: To bring you our services, we operate globally. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving countrys data protection laws, contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data, or EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles
Retention: We will hold your personal information both before and after the deactivation or your account, but only for as long as we are lawfully entitledto do so, or until you request that we permanently delete it. Deactivation and deletion: Your account can be deactivated in Settings, and you can request permanent deletion as part of this process. It is possible to reactivate your account at any time prior to a permanent deletion. We cannot restore permanently deleted accounts. When deactivated, your Letterboxd account (including your username, profile and content) will no longer be viewable on the Website, App or API, but they will be retained on our servers unless anduntil permanent deletion is completed, if requested. Portability: Letterboxd provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by using the account export option on your Settings page on the Website. We will not be liable for any loss or damage if you fail to comply with this security obligation. Captcha: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google PrivacyPolicy and TermsofService apply. This policy was last updated in January 2023 and is effective immediately. About
News
Pro
Apps
Podcast
Year in Review
Gift Guide
Help
Terms
API
Contact
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
 Letterboxd Limited. Please consider upgrading to a Pro accountfor less than a couple bucks a month, youll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads!