If you do not
agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you
still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at [emailprotected]
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points
from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these
topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of
contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click here to go directly to our table of contents. You should receive your data
packet within 30 days. We will
consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection
laws. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION? IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY? HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE
COLLECT
FROM YOU? If you
are using our application(s), we may also collect information about the phone
network associated with your mobile device, your mobile devices operating
system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices
unique device ID, and information about the features of our application(s) you
accessed. We process your personal
information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our
Services, including:
To
facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user
accounts. To
administer prize draws and competitions. These include the police, the courts or
prisons. To
request feedback, conduct research and surveys. In Short: We only process your
personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal
reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your
consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or
fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfil our
legitimate business interests. If you
are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you. You can withdraw your consent
at any time. The categories of third
parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
Ad
Networks
Cloud
Computing Services
Data
Analytics Services
Data
Storage Service Providers
Content
Moderation Services
Performance
Monitoring Tools
Product
Engineering & Design Tools
Testing
Tools
Website
Hosting Service Providers
Government
Entities (Upon request only)
We also may need to share your personal information in
the following situations:
Business
Transfers. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain
products, services, or promotions. In Short: We may use cookies and
other tracking technologies to collect and store your information. Specific information
about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is
set out in our Cookie Notice: http://www.buz-app.com/cookies. In Short: We keep your information
for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice
unless otherwise required by law. In Short: We aim to protect your
personal information through a system of organisational and technical security
measures. However, despite our safeguards and
efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the
Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure,
so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. In Short: We do not knowingly
collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. You can make such a request by
contacting us. Opting out of marketing and
promotional communications:You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any
time by adjusting the relevant setting in the mobile app or by contacting us. Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may
have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from
you, change that information, or delete it. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and
have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal
of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics and
behaviour.