Evite Privacy & Data Use Policy
Last Updated: January 9, 2020
THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY & DATA USE POLICY ("POLICY") ARE LEGALLY BINDING. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully when using our Services or transacting business with us. Even if you haven't registered for an Evite account, we may still collect some data about you, like your IP address and other device information when you browse our website or mobile application, or your email address and phone number if provided to us by another user hosting an event. However, certain features and functionality, like creating an event and sending invitations (for ease of reference, we will call these "Host(s)"), are only available to registered users. This includes identifying information, such as your full name, mailing address (e.g., your event location), email address, images, telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). Using a cookie or similar technology, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Services, such as the web pages you visit, the emails you open, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our Services. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies or decide which types of cookies to automatically accept or reject. We also may include web beacons in promotional or other email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this use of your information, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out link at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. We may use third-party advertising companies to target advertisements to you on our Services, across the web, on your mobile device, or on any of your other devices, based on the information we have collected from and about you, as well as information relating to your and other users' visits to this and other websites and online services. We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us when you use our Services, including (without limitation) email address, phone number, and physical address. Personal Information from Social Network Services (including Facebook). These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. We may combine non-personal and/or hashed information we collect with additional information collected from other sources. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated herein or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. Your choices regarding your information
Limiting collection of your information. You also may choose to submit a request through our customer support department by emailing us at privacy@evite.com. If a request is sent to any other address or through any other medium, we may not be able to process your request. Please note that if you close your account, we may still retain, use and disclose non-personal information associated with your account. At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us. California and Delaware Do Not Track Disclosures. How we protect your personal information
We take reasonable security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) intended to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely secure. If you are accessing our Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our Services, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy, and the laws of the United States apply to the use, storage and disclosure of your information. When we revise this Policy, we will notify you by posting the new Policy on the Services with the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our information-handling practices, please contact us by email or postal mail as follows:
Evite, Inc.
310 E Colorado St.
Glendale, CA 91205
(213) 699-5005
privacy@evite.com
Attn: Privacy Officer
Evite, Inc. 2022. Evite is a registered trademark of Evite, Inc. in the United States and other countries.