Like most modern websites, this site utilizes javascript. Please enable javascript in your browser in order to view properly. Search for:
Markets
Health
Improve whole person care through better care collaboration
Go Now
Retail
Optimize consumer experience, improve omnichannel performance
Go Now
About
Leadership
Inquiries
Apprisscorp.com Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 1, 2022
1. About this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) solely describes Apprisss privacy practices with respect to our corporate website at www.apprisscorp.com (the Website). Business units within the Appriss family of companies maintain individual privacy policies that describe how each business unit collects and uses your information. You can access the privacy policy belonging to a company within the Appriss family by visiting that companys website. Any references to Appriss, we, us, our, or the Company in this Privacy Policy is a reference to Appriss Inc., with headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.A.
2. Information Appriss Collects and Browser Do Not Track Signals
We and third parties we work with may collect information from the computer, tablet, phone, or other device that you use to access the Website. This collection includes automatically collected information such as your device and usage information (collectively, Information), and generally does not include personal information. Methods we may use to collect such Information include:
Cookies (which may be session-based or persistent, and are typically small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in connection with your Internet browser);
Web beacons or tags (small images embedded into websites that send information about your computer, tablet, phone, or other device when you visit our Website); and
Website log files (which we tend to create automatically in connection with access to and use of our Website). While we strive to offer you choices when you use our Website, we do not promise that we will be able to receive or honor web browser Do Not Track signals. How Appriss Uses Information
We use the Information that we collect to conduct our business, including to:
Determine the methods and devices used to access the Website;
Determine the effectiveness of our Website for purposes of improvement, engagement, and retention;
Diagnose problems on the Website; and
Address legal and regulatory compliance. How Information May Be Shared
We may share the Information we collect with:
The Appriss family of brands and companies;
Third parties and service providers that provide services to us, including IT and system administration and hosting, research and analytics, and customer support;
Parties to business transactions, such as those we deal with in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, or liquidations. Additional third parties such as law enforcement, government entities, courts, or other third parties as required or allowed by applicable law. Childrens Privacy
The website is designed to provide information about our corporate functions and segments, and we do not target the website at children. Appriss does not knowingly collect or process information from children under the age of 18. Third-Party Sites
The Website may include links to third-party websites or resources (Third-Party Sites). Appriss has no control over these Third-Party Sites nor does Appriss control how such Third-Party Sites may collect, use, and share your information. Appriss does not endorse and is not responsible for any content, advertising, products, services, or other materials found on the Third-Party Sites. Because the privacy policies with respect to these Third-Party Sites may differ from those applicable to the Website, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of each of those Third-Party Sites to understand how your information may be collected, used, and shared by those third parties. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will post the revised version here with an updated revision date. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our collection, processing, and sharing of information. Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact generalinquiries@apprisscorp.com, or write to us at the following mailing address:
ApprissAttn: Legal Department9901 Linn Station Rd., Suite 500Louisville, Kentucky 40223, USA
Inquiries
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
 Appriss Inc 2023