This app works best with JavaScript enabled. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections. We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This Privacy Policy applies from February 15th 2023. JOB CANDIDATES, CONTRACTORS AND VENDOR REPRESENTATIVES
12. WHO WE ARE
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the company responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the data controller) is:
1 Hatch Street Upper
Dublin 2
Dublin
D02 PY28
Ireland
If you live outside the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, or Japan, the company responsible for your information is:
Plentyoffish Media ULC142-757 West Hastings. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services we operate under the brand Plenty of Fish. Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. Where you provide such elements to us, you consent to us using it for the purposes identified and as laid out in this Privacy Policy. If you share with us information about other people (for example, if you use contact details of a friend for a given feature), we process this information on your behalf in order to complete your request. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a Do Not Track (DNT) feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. Selfie Verification data: If you choose to participate in our Selfie Verification feature, we collect your face geometry data, which may be considered biometric data in some jurisdictions, to verify that youre the real you. Other information: We may collect other information with your permission, such as photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo or video or participate in streaming features on our services). HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons for which we use your information, together with practical examples. Better understand and design countermeasures against violations of our Terms of Use
Retain data related to violations of our Terms of Use to address the violation and prevent against recurrences
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our rights set out in our Terms of Use
Communicate to individuals who submit a report, including what weve done as a result of their submission
F. To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
For information on how we process personal information through profiling and automated decision-making, please see our FAQ. For instance, as you go about using our service to build meaningful connections, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, make it viewable to other users and recommend other users to you and to otherwise provide our free and paid features to you and other users. From time to time, we may ask for your consent to collect specific information such as your precise geolocation or use your information for certain specific reasons. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Since our goal is to help you make meaningful connections, the main sharing of users information is, of course, with other users. More information on our use of cookies and similar technologies can be found in our Cookie Policy. We may share information about you with our affiliates and they may share information about you with us, for the reasons laid out below:
 To make all Match Group platforms safer, for instance by making sure that when a bad actor is found on one Match Group platform (for instance ours), they can be banned from all. This assistance may include technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, customer care, marketing and targeted advertising, analytics, finance and accounting, payment processing, service improvement, data security and fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings. Learn more about how Match Group companies work together. You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. To close your account, please use the corresponding functionality on the service. For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests. Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to or restrict the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth and thus cannot ensure that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are a resident of Virginia, USA, if we deny your privacy request, you may be able to appeal by contacting us here, and explicitly referencing Privacy Request Appeal. Once the safety retention window elapses, we delete your data and only keep limited information for specified purposes, as laid out below:
a. We maintain limited data to comply with legal data retention obligations: in particular, we keep transaction data to comply with tax and accounting legal requirements, credit card information for the duration the user may challenge the transaction and traffic data / logs for one year to comply with legal data retention obligations.