HomeCareersContact Us HomeCareersContact UsHomeCareersContact Us HomeCareersContact Us
hru Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyEffective: 2022.08.01[hru] is a metaverse social network service platform. Our products and services  including hru, advertising, and others that link to this Privacy Policy. Of course, if you still have questions about anything in our Privacy Policy, just contact us. Information We CollectThere are three basic categories of information we collect:Heres a little more detail on each of these categories. Information from the TrueDepth camera is used in real time  we dont store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. We are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. How Long We Keep Your Informationhru lets you capture what its like to live in the moment. On our end, that means most messages  like posts and Chats  sent in hru will be automatically deleted by default from our servers after we detect theyve been opened by all recipients or have expired. Other content, like Story posts, are stored for longer. We store other information for longer periods of time. For example:If you ever decide to stop using hru, you can ask us to delete your account. There may be legal requirements to store your data and we may need to suspend those deletion practices if we receive valid legal process asking us to preserve content, if we receive reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations, or if your account or content created by you is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms of Service violations. ChildrenOur services are not intended for  and we dont direct them to  anyone under 13. And thats why we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. Revisions to the Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Information we get when you use our services. For example, we may collect information about:how you interact with our services, such as which filters you view or apply to posts, which Stories you watch on Discover, whether youre using Spectacles, or which search queries you submit.how you communicate with other users, such as their names, the time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a screenshot).Content Information. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. We may share the following information with other users:information about you, such as your username, name, and Bitmoji.information about how you have interacted with our services, such as your hru score, the names of users you are friends with, and other information that will help users understand your connections with others using our services. For example, hru will share your information when you connect your hru account to a third-party app, and if you share information or content from hru to the third-party app.content you post or send. This content may be viewed, used, and shared by the public at large both on and off our services, including through search results, on websites, in apps, and in online and offline broadcasts. We may share information with third parties in the following ways:We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including to facilitate payments and measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads, including on third-party websites and apps. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. We may share information about you as part of a merger or acquisition. We store your basic account information  like your name, phone number, and email address  and list of friends until you ask us to delete them. If location information is associated with a hru  like those saved to Memories or posted to Map or Spotlight  well retain that location as long as we store the hru. If you would like to modify the information we and our advertising partners use to select these ads, you can do so in the app and through your device preferences. Its important to us that you stay in control over whom you communicate with. By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies.