Advertisement
Open menu
Get app
Log In
Get the Reddit app
Scan this QR code to download the app now
Or check it out in the app stores
Reddit Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Reddit Privacy Policy
English (US)
Deutsch
English (US)
Espaol (ES)
Espaol (MX)
Franais (CA)
Franais (FR)
Italiano
Portugus (BR)
Portugus (PT)
Revisions
November 15, 2022
September 12, 2021
October 15, 2020
January 10, 2020
June 8, 2018
December 12, 2017
Reddit Privacy Policy
Effective December 15, 2022. We want to empower our users to be the masters of their identity. We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to create an account to participate in a subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our services, which are focused on allowing people to come together and form communities, the vast majority of which are public. This includes:
Account information
You don't need an account to use Reddit. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, and videos. Transactional information
If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Premium or Reddit Coins), we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, phone number, and information about the product or service you are purchasing. Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days. We may receive location information from you when you choose to share such information on our Services, including by associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate location based on your IP address. Information collected from integrations
We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services, including our embeds and advertising technology. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you as described in "Your Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics below. When you submit content (including a post, comment, chat message, or broadcast) to a public part of the Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the content. Reddit also allows third parties to access public Reddit content via the Reddit API and other similar technologies. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. We do not sell your personal information. We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our
User Agreement,
rules, or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others. Deleting Your Account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user preferences page. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar technologies are used on Reddit, see our Cookie Notice. Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Services. If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using the mechanisms above, you may also email us at to redditdatarequests@reddit.com from the email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them here. Additional Information for EEA Users
Users in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the "Your Rights and Choices section above. If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights. Reddit does not "sell or "share personal information as those terms are defined under the CCPA. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services.