CashBird Privacy Policy
Welcome to CashBird (the Platform). We are controller of your personal data in the
sense of Art. This policy sets out the
basis on which any Personal Data from you will be processed, collected,
used, and disclosed by us when you access or use our website,
applications, products and content (collectively, the
Services). Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning
given to them in the Terms of Service. We will neither use the information of other purposes, nor upload,share, store the data. More information about our use of cookies can be found in the Cookies section below. (3)Payment processing:We may use your Data for billing and payment processing purposes or to distribute awards to you. (4)Optimizing your experience:We may use your Data to improve your experience across cashbird Applications, such as by providing interactive or personalized elements on the Services, simplifying the operations process when you launch a certain function, recommending to you accounts that you may be interested in, providing you with content based on your interests, enabling you to find friends and social contacts, or making our Services more personalized subject to your permission to provide you with location-based services. In
such transactions, user information may be among the transferred
assets. We have rigorous internal control measures in place to strictly limit data access to designated personnel only. We will endeavor to protect your Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, or damage through these measures, including:
(i) using encryption techniques;
(ii) establishing specialized systems and procedures, such as strictly limiting the scope of personnel with access to your Data, and requiring those who have such access to comply with relevant confidentiality obligations; and
(iii)forming a specialized department in charge of information security. If you do not agree to these risks and conditions, you must discontinue your use of cashbird Applications. (2)We may share your Data with our corporate affiliates, group members, and the following third parties , who will only use your Data in accordance with this Policy to facilitate the provision of cashbird Applications to you or for other purposes as indicated below. a)Social media platforms:To facilitate the provision of cashbird Applications to you, we may share your Data with social media platforms of your choice: If you access cashbird Applications through third party social media platforms (such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, Apple), we share certain information about you (such as account ID, access token and referring URL) with your selected platform. b)In the context of a transaction including mergers, acquisitions or asset sales: We may transfer your Data to another legal entity for the purposes of a collaboration, joint venture, corporate reorganization, change of legal form or other similar event. We share your Data with these service providers for purposes such as hosting or operating our Services, payment and transaction processing, rewards, vouchers and commercial goods delivery (where applicable), cloud services, e-mail communication, research, survey, marketing and data analysis services. If the country or region to which your Data is being transferred does not provide an adequate level of protection to your personal data as required by applicable laws and regulations, your Data may be transferred internationally based upon your prior consent, our exercise of a legal right, our compliance with a legal obligation, or the performance of a contract with you, among other mechanisms available under applicable laws and regulations. (2) You may have the following rights to the extent applicable under local laws and regulations which you can exercise by using the contact information provided in this Policy:
(i) You have the right to be informed in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form of the way in which your Data is processed. You also have the right to have incomplete Data completed. (iii)Where you have provided your consent, you may withdraw your consent. (3) We will verify your identity first before we can fulfill your request. We will respond to your request within the timeframe as required by local laws. (6) You can prevent us from obtaining your Data by suspending certain functions provided by our Services. (7) You can ask us to delete your Account, which is an irreversible process as you will not be able to access your Account upon deletion, and all data in relation to the Account will be deleted or de-identified, subject to any statutory retention requirements under applicable laws and regulations. Information Relating to Children
The Platform is not directed at children under the age of 13. Users
under the relevant age are not allowed to use the Platform or
register an account on the Platform without the consent of their
parent of guardian. Your Rights
You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about
you and to correct, update, amend, suppress, delete or otherwise
modify any Personal Data where it is inaccurate, or has been
processed in violation of the applicable data protection
regulations, unless we have to keep the Personal Data for legitimate
business or legal purposes. f) GDPR), you may object to
processing (Art. 21(2) GDPR) (for the
other Contact Details see above). Your continued access to
or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy
constitutes your acceptance of the updated Policy.