HomeAboutFAQGuidelinesTerms and UsePrivacy PolicyPrivacyPrivacy PolicySIMPLIFIED SUMMARYController of personal data: Cosmic Latte s.r.o., established in accordance with the laws of the Czech Republic, with its registered office at Rohansk nbe 678/23, Karln, 186 00 Prague 8, Czech Republic, ID no. 050 66 891, entered in the Commercial Register at the Municipal Court in Prague, Section C, Insert 257791.Personal data processed: We process data necessary for proper functioning of the Surge Gay App, i.e. all data that you enter into your profile (such as your name or date of birth). Legal basis for processing: We are processing your data mainly with respect to performance of a contract with you, further based on legitimate interests, for complying with applicable laws and based on your consent (if you provide it to us).Our legitimate interests: The main reasons for collecting data based on legitimate interests are improvement of our service, the safety of our users and enforcement of our rights. Transfer of personal data: Your personal data might be transferred to other countries. You also have the right to limit their processing, to object to the processing of personal data or/and to receive a copy of your data. By signing up you agree with the privacy policy and you acknowledge the processing of personal data by the company Cosmic Latte as the controller of the personal data. When you contact our support team, we collect the information provided in this communication. Our processing of such data results from you providing such data to us and such data will not be used for any other purpose than operation of the Application. Information from other social sitesThe Surge application allows you to link your account in the Surge application to accounts from other social sites, specifically Facebook, Instagram and Spotify. Such linking is not required for proper operation of the Application in case you provide the necessary information yourself without such linking. If you allow access to your localization data, we are then able to collect and process information on your location. We delete localization data immediately after they are no longer needed for functioning of the Application. In all of these cases, we may collect and process the content of these messages (chats history).Information we collect when you use the Surge applicationWe collect and process information about how you use the Surge application and what type of devices you use. This information includes the language setting of your mobile device or information about how you have used our services, time when you joined, time you spend using the Application, the features you use, interaction with other users ( whether you have marked a profile of another user as Like or Dislike, so that we can connect you when there is mutual agreement), the number of messages, the number of swipes and the number of connections. The minimum required data are marked as Required. Providing other information is completely voluntary for the user. Thus, we can send you a commercial communication (such as an SMS, MMS, e-mail, etc.) When displaying your profile in the Surge application, we respect the privacy settings for your profile and restrictions on displaying certain information. When authorizing the connection of your profile to other social sites, such as Facebook, Instagram or Spotify, other information is also visible, such as photographs and interests, and also information that you have in common with another user that browses your profile, such as common friends or interests. If someone submits a report involving you, such as inappropriate behaviour or violation of our Terms & Conditions, we may communicate to the reporting person the actions, if any, we took because of the report. Third-party disclosure  personal data processorsWe provide information that we process, including personal data, only in the necessary scope to third parties that provide us with services, in particular, cloud data centers, services for automatic evaluation of the content of photographs, communication, data hosting and maintenance providers, services for payment process, security operations, analytics suppliers, application developers and customer care center service. Your rights (Access to and updating personal data)We provide you access to your personal data each time you use the Surge application. You may change, delete or update any of the personal data at any time in the Settings section. You may also request information or change the settings by sending a request to the e-mail address: info@surgeapp.com or cancel your profile in the Surge application at any time in Settings  Private  Delete Account. If you request information relating to other users, such as message history, the concerned user must give us his explicit written consent before providing this information. We will delete your personal data as follows:If you require deletion or if you delete your Account all personal data, including your profile, are deleted within 6 months of receiving the request  this period is set to protect our users and us and may further be prolonged in justified cases (pending legal action, investigation by authorities etc.). All employees and contractual partners are bound by the duty to uphold confidentiality. Where are your data collected?Your personal data are collected and processed mainly at our headquarters in the Czech Republic. Version 1.1, valid on 1 May 2022Need Help?