Privacy Policy
Your Rights
You can use email: [emailprotected] Contact us and let us know if you wish to delete your request, including deleting
your account and data. We will process your requirements within 30 days. You can choose not to share your
information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for
any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained
your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services
may not be available to you. To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or
policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any
alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate
violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees
based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or
policies without processing your personal information for such purposes. Service-related communications are
not promotional in nature. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the
Services you requested. To personalize your experience on the Services. To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located
in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above. We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services
to: help us improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing
ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services. We may process your contact information or information about your
interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about
events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and, keep you up-to-date with our
relevant products and Services. Transactional communications about your account or our Services are not
considered marketing communications. You can
opt-out of our marketing activities at any time. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you
use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Daily App is created
with the help of the Free Privacy Policy website. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can
be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service
and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent
to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Preference Cookie s to re member your preferences and various settings. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
To protect and defend the rights or property of GPS & Navigation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of
users of the Service or the public
GPS & Navigation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: To
comply with a legal obligation
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every
site you visit. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective
and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.