readRead Now 10 Upcoming Mobile Games to Play6 min. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our mobile applications, websites and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the Services). PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on whether you are a user or visitor, and the requirements of applicable law. Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services. In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors computer browsers to store their preferences. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. You may escalate any concerns you have by contacting us below. If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies. We do not endorse, screen or approve and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features. We may use third party Application Program Interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) as part of the functionality of our Services. DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not share your personal information, other than with the categories of third parties listed below. Code  1798.80(e)).A name or telephone number. C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal
law. E. Internet or other electronic network activity. Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, or behavior. In such cases, our business partners name will appear along with ours. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Request restriction of or object to processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your Personal Data to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
playbackbone.com/supportSign up for email updatesLearn more about new products, events, and other promotional offerings.