Investors
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 24, 2019
1. ategories of personal data we collect
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, when you send us an email). 2.1 Data you provide us
Information that you provide us with when setting up your profile; including but not limited to registration data, account settings and content that you add to your profile such as your email address, username, telephone number, photos (including those which have been deleted from your profile) and other media files, information about your interests and activities, your gender and age and other personal characteristics and demographic information. Unless you opt out on the Facebook Login screen, we will also collect other data, such as email address or phone number. Olive allows you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the Olive application with other users, and if you choose to do so your text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications will be stored on our servers. If you do not agree with all the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and fixing the error. The improvements and development of matching results, techniques and other functionalities. Our results are more accurate and more successful as we have more details on our users. We are happy to make use of new techniques to improve and renew our products and services. We and our partners, including Facebook and Google, use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant
time. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads). This is necessary in order to be able to offer a secure and a high-performance platform. General member management and carrying out our paid services. During the registration process, the User agrees explicitly to the processing of all of his or her personal data. Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, you understand and agree that Olive may, in good faith, access, preserve, and disclose
any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted:
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise ourlegal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may
transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or
asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Processing of personal data will always be sufficient, proportionate and never excessive. The User may at any time, free of charge and without further ado, oppose the proposed processing of Personal Data if the data was
obtained for the purpose of direct marketing. If you choose to "like" or "share" content on the Service or to otherwise post information from or via the Service
to a third party's website, service, feature or application, that information will become public and the third party may have access to information about you and
your use of our Service. You accesssuch linked websites at your own risk. We have no control over the privacy policies of such third-party websitesand you access such third-party websites at your own risk. To help protect you and others, we may monitor your use of the Service and use your Personal Data and/or other information we collect in order to: identify fraudulent
activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or prosecute potential threats to or misuse of the Service; ensure compliance with the Terms of Service
and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and protect the rights and property of you, Olive, its partners and other customers. Children & COPPA
We are a general audience service and do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental
notice and consent under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") without such parental consent. To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to support@oliveapp.net which includes Request for
California Privacy Information on the subject line and your state of residence and email address in the body of your message. Data retention
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing
the Service to you), which includes (but is not limited to) the period during which you have an account with the App. Consent to transfer
The Service is primarily operated in the United States. In order to provide our products and services to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of
the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States. If you reside or are located within the European Economic Area and such transfers occur, we take appropriate steps to provide the same level of protection for the
processing carried out in any such countries as you would have within the European Economic Area to the extent feasible under applicable law. By using and accessing our
products and services, users who reside or are located in countries outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information
on servers located outside of the country where they reside, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of their residence or
location.