PickU
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EULA
Contact Us
PickU Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of PickU. PickU is a fun App that aims to provide users with real-time online video chats. This Privacy Policy covers what PickU Inc (PickU PickU App we our ) does with the Personal Information (as defined herein) that you share with us and the data we collect when you are accessing our App and/or our Service. As our Service integrates with third-party sites and other sites and social networks, we assume that you are already aware of the privacy policies of those other sites and networks when using our App and/or our Service and when you allow us to interact with these sites and networks on your behalf. If done so, we will not be able to offer some of our
features on our service. Keep in mind that the
users you send texts, images, and any other content to can always save that content or copy it outside the
app. Information We Get When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services youve used and how youve
used them. We might know, for instance, that you used one of the filter in app and the number of times you
have used this filter. - How you communicate with other PickU users, such as their names, the time and date of your
communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages
with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a
screenshot). We allow you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other forms of
communications on our service with other users, and if you choose to do so your text messages, photos,
screenshots, videos and other communications may be stored on our servers. - User content e.g. photos, screenshots, comments, and other materials that you create on the service may
also be collected. Like most online services and mobile
applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique
advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Keep in
mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our
services. We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or operated by us, or
any other third-party sources, and combine that with the information we collect through our services. How We Use Information
We provide you with an amazing set of products and services that we relentlessly improve. But we do a lot
more as well, such as:
- Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services. For example, we may store information as local
cache so that you can open the app and view content faster. We may share the following information with other users
- Information about you, such as your username and name;
- Information about how you have interacted with the services, such as the names of users you are friends
with, and other information that will help users understand your connections with others using the services. For example, when you let us access your
device phonebook, we may share information about you with other users who have your phone number in their
device phonebook;
- With all users and the general public. - With our affiliates, we may share information with entities within the PickU family of companies. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that
disclosing the information is needed to:
- Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;
- Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations;
- Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and resolve any fraud or
security concerns. - In the aggregate or after de-identification. By going
to those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you
may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You
acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. Access to any user information is restricted to our employees, contractors, agents, and third-party
service providers ONLY whom needs to know the information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain,
support, and optimize the our service experience and security. Control over Your Information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools. Because your privacy is important to us, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional
information before we let you access or update your personal information. - Restriction on Processing:You have the right to object to and ask for restrictions on the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, subject to any applicable legal or otherrequirement to maintain certain records of your personally identifiable data. Sometimes, well let you know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy thats available on our
website and mobile application. Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EULA
Contact Us