Published on01/25/2022Thank you for using ToChat(theSoftware,ApporService)! This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party software or service. By visiting the software or service, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. We have the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy regarding the updates of the Software. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through the email displayed below.1.Information we collect from youThere are two general categories of information we will process:1)when you use or access the Software and the Service, some information about you may be automatically collected as follows:We may collect the technical information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. If you choose to share some photos or other materials of the Software to a app provided by the third party, we will access your application list to verify whether such app exists. We may collect certain information about your orders and payment records for purchasing virtual diamonds and other paid service offered by us. such as purchase items, payment time, order status. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple or Google). Before entering your personal details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies. PayPal Account and Handwritten signature. For such information, We will delete after your points have be redeemed. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to redeem cash. We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also want to avoid fake Account being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime. We collect and use your phone number on the basis of our legitimate interests identified above and for the prevention of fraud. You can also use your phone number to log in the Software. If you turn geo location features on, when you use your mobile device, we will collect information about Wi-Fi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you. Permission to Access to the Camera,Microphone, Photo Album. In order to use the features of the video or voice communication in the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the microphone or camera. In order to use other features, such as set avatars, send pictures to other users, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photos in your mobile device. When your Account is deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the App. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.4.Disclosure of Your InformationWe will not disclose your personal information, except in the limited circumstances described here:Your Consent  Where you voluntarily do upload and choose to provide your personal information on your profile when you create an Account, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your information and making this public to other users. We may share your personal information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services e.g. information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support our products. We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we(and any third parties with whom we cooperate) will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. However, no system can be completely security. If you are less than 18 years old or the statutory minimum age in your country, we request that you do not submit information to us.