Privacy Policy
Last revised: June 2023
INTRODUCTION
TruffleLive App., If you
do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use our
Services. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we will
use other identifiers. You acknowledge and agree that any
personal information that you make available via the Service including, but not
limited to, your username, your name, email address, geo-location data and the
content you post (including your User Submission) is available to the public. You are responsible for protecting and enforcing your rights in and to your
User Submission. MINORS
The Service are not designed or directed to persons
under the age of 18 or persons under the age of legal consent with respect to
the use of the Service of any jurisdiction, whichever is higher (Legally of Age). We do not collect Personal Information of a minor. We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal
Information collected from you. We
collect and analyze information about you and your usage of our Service to
improve the usability and effectiveness of our Service based on User's common
preferences and uses. Dispute
resolution and protection of our legal claims. The legal
basis for processing this data is our legitimate interests (Art. The legal
bases for processing this
data are the performance of our contractual obligations (Art. We also investigate any
violations of our policies and enforce them. Our legitimate interests in this case are to protect our Company and
other Users against fraud. We process your
Personal
Information to comply with our various legal obligations such as adult
content legislation (where applicable), anti-money laundering, identity verification
(e.g., suspicion of minor using our Service), prevention of fraud, complying
with data subject rights etc. 6.1(c) GDPR) and our legitimate interests (Art. MARKETING
We will use your Personal
Information, such as your, email address, collected by ourselves and/or through our
trusted third party
subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials,
concerning the Service as well as products, services, websites and applications
which relate to the Company's business partners and its affiliates
(collectively: Marketing Affiliates), which we believe interest you. We use and authorize third parties to use
web beacons, cookies, pixels, scripts, tags and other technologies ("Tracking
Technologies"). To learn more please visit our Cookie
Policy. For more information regarding this practice by NAI members
and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by
these companies, including how to opt-out of third party ad networks operated
by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites:
www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices. In addition, the Company will retain your Personal
Information for additional periods, to enable the Company to meet its legal
obligations under applicable laws or regulations. However, you are advised that with the deletion of your Personal Information,
you might not be able to use the Service anymore or the account might be
totally closed;
5) Right to restriction of processing,
objection to processing  At any time, you have the right to request that the
Company restricts or ceases to conduct certain data processes provided that
there exists no other lawful basis on which the Company is authorized to
process said data;
6) Right to withdraw your consent  You
have the right to withdraw your given consent at any time. We take our obligations seriously
and we ask that any concerns be first brought to our attention, so that we can
try to resolve this. You are
welcome to contact us for any questions, requests or complaints through our
contact details below. We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable
timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. We could also rectify,
replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at
our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies. Such substantial changes will take
effect fourteen (14) days after such notice was provided on any of the above
mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are
effective as of the stated Last Revised date, and your continued use of our
services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and
agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event of any
discrepancy between the meanings of any translated versions of the Policy and
the English language version, the meaning of the English language version shall
prevail.