User Privace Policy - MeYo.one
MeYo ("us", "we", or "our") operates
the MeYo.one mobile application (the "Service"). This page
informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices
you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and
improve the Service. After the account deleted, these rights will be deemed to
waived:
1. Identity information, account information and other
permissions. Please ensure that all relationships are completed and without
disputes. After deleted the account, the data will automatically delete
within 2 days. When you access the Service by or through a mobile
device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of
mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other
diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the
activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an
anonymous unique identifier. You can instruct your device to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies,
you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your
preferences and various settings. We use Security Cookies for security
purposes. If you are located outside BVI and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to
BVI and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of
such information represents your agreement to that transfer. MeYo Technology FZ-LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to
ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place
to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in
place including the security of your data and other personal
information. While we strive to use commercially acceptable
means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform
these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it
for any other purpose. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the
use of our Service. Firebase
Firebase service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from Firebase service to prevent Firebase from using
and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://firebase.google.cn/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Google,
please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=zh-CN&gl=us. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that
third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy
Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or
services. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 12
("Children"). If you are a parent or guardian and you
are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data,
please contact us. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. HONGKONG PITA NETWORK TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
Copyright  2021.