About us
Careers
Blog
FAQ
Contact
Download
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Mar 12, 2021
Plato Team Inc. (we or us) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and distribute information through our software, website, documentation, and related services (together, the Services).Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning as set forth in the Terms of Service for the Services, which can be found at http://www.platoapp.com/terms.If you are visiting us from the European Union or European Economic Area, please be sure to read to section entitled Additional Information for European Union Users for information on how we comply with privacy laws applicable to you. Please be aware that we may have difficulty recovering your account information in the event of an emergency if we do not have an email address associated with your account. Your Personal Contact Information and your Billing Information, together with any other information we gather through the Services that may be used to identify, contact, or locate you individually, are collectively referred to herein as your Personal Information. Such information may contain information regarding your Operating System version, hardware, browser version (and .NET version information in case of Windows systems), and your email address, if provided. Usage and Analytics Information:
As you use our Services, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies, log files, and Web beacons. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. We may also use your Generalized Geo-Location Information in an anonymized manner in conjunction with an analytics service such as Google Analytics to monitor and analyze use of the Services, for the Services technical administration, and to increase the Services functionality and user-friendliness. By providing your Personal Information through the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing. You are also responsible for helping to protect the security of your Personal Information. We store information in Private Messages only until the recipient receives it on their device. Public Messages are sent to everyone in the chat room in which the message is sent. We do not monitor who participates in a public chat room. We rely on you not to abuse these messaging features. You are not permitted to use this feature to send spam, harass others, or, in the case of Private Messages, contact people who you do not have the right to contact electronically. So, please do not include such information in any Public Messages or Private Messages. Inviting Others to Use Our Services
Our Services allow you to send invitations for your friends or others to use our Services. We no longer store the messages on our system. Please note that if you request that your Personal Information be removed from our databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all of your Personal Information due to technological and legal constraints. Amendment of this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Services signifies your acceptance of any changes. To the extent we cannot provide some or all of the Services without your consent to such amendment to the Privacy Policy, your decision not to consent may result in our having to limit your ability to use certain aspects of the Services. We will make every reasonable effort to keep your Personal Information accurate and up-to-date, and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your Personal Information as appropriate. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. A list of our current Service Providers can be found at the following URL: http://www.platoapp.com/serviceproviders (the Service Provider List). The Service Provider List contains instructions on how to find out when updates are made the Service Provider List. Contact Us
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services ("Service Providers"), to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services is used. Use for new purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. Retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.