document
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of Unearby, Inc. and SayHi with its plugins or related applications(including SayHi, Video Chat for SayHi and Contacts Finder) and its various & next versions (SayHi, us, we, or our) In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our products and services as the Service. Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. In addition, SayHi may collect and store information about your and others usage of and interaction with the Service, including video chat durations, text messages, usage by geographies, device and connection information, IP address, device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, network type and traffic to and from our websites. We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at support@unearby.com
How To delete Information
You may delete your personal data by delete your account with the corresponding functionality directly on the service. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest. With this feature, SayHi can be protected from exhibitionism. How we use information we collect
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
To verify your identity;
To connect you with others as enabled by the Service;
To share your Profile with others on the Service;
To allow your use of certain features of the Service that may be offered from time to time (such as Premium Services (see our Terms of Use), etc.); In addition, unless you opt-out (which you may do at any time in the SayHi application), your Profile is discoverable by other SayHi users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will include your proximity to other users. You can remove your data anytime you want. SayHi is not responsible for any use or misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of information. In those cases, SayHi may share your personal information with SayHis third-party service providers, but only in connection with providing the services to you. Outbound Links
If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service or a SayHi website, such third party may also collect information about you. You may opt-out by following instructions in the message sent by SayHi or its service providers on how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. Access to all personally identifiable information is restricted to those Unearby inc and SayHi employees, contractors, agents and third-party service providers who need to know that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain, support or improve the Service. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, Unearby inc and SayHi reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country. Notification of Changes
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You agree to accept electronic communications and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on the Unearby inc and SayHi web site, and you agree that such electronic communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy Policy. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@unearby.com. Any violation of this term will result in permant ban. yet because its a dating place for adults only. Once content posted, you are solely responsible for the Content that you post on or through any of the Sayhi! may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify You, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to You. is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. You agree that any Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that You will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of the Services. No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You further agree not to use the Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that the Sayhi! BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE Sayhi!