Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Effective: May 18, 2023
Before you scroll, read this
Its really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information:
1.1 Information you provide us. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, Twitter Moments); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. Interactions with our content on third-party sites. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates, third-party apps, and services. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. There are five general ways we share your information. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center. 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. You can read more about search visibility here. You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter.