California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection here. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think youll be interested in based on information we collect from you and third parties. We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. This log data includes your Internet Protocol address (which we use to infer your approximate location), the address of and activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the Save buttonmore details below), searches, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used Pinterest, cookie data and device data. You can learn more about the log data we collect here. In addition to log data, we collect information about the device youre using Pinterest on, including the type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that helps us understand when something breaks. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. You can learn more about these features at our Help Center. Online advertisers or third parties share information with us to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to figure out what kinds of ads to show you on or off of Pinterest. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including:Identify you when you use Pinterest. For example, if we see youre into cooking, we may suggest food-related Pins, boards or people that we think you might like, or show you food-related ads. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines. You can choose for us not to share your information with other sites to personalize those ads by following the instructions here. Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, well get your consent where we need to. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they already obtained. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our CookiePolicy. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. You can control this by visiting your settings and updating your Data Personalization preferences. When you close your account, well deactivate it, remove your Pins and boards from Pinterest and delete your account data. We also share your information with:
Other services, at your direction, to enable you to sign up for or log in to Pinterest, or when you decide to link your Pinterest account to those services, like Facebook or Google, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to them. Law enforcement agencies or government agencies. Our policy on childrens information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. Your options
You have options in relation to the information that we have about you. To exercise these options, please visit your account settings and, if you still need help, our Help Center. Have your information corrected or deleted. Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so. Request more details about the information we collect and how and why we use and share it. Because Pinterest is a worldwide service, we may transfer the personal data of EEA residents to a country outside the EEA.Where we transfer information from the EEA to a country that doesn't provide an adequate level of protection, well only do so under appropriate safeguards to protect your information, like standard contractual clauses.