Privacy Policy of rif is fun for Reddit
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. Further information about the processing of Personal Data
reddit
Login is done using a WebView that transmits the password directly to reddit over HTTPS. The app is not able to view your password. To maintain the login session, a secure OAuth token is encrypted and stored on the device, using the Android system Account Manager. Some user account settings are automatically synced between the app and reddit.com. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (opt-out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
Advertising, Infrastructure monitoring and Managing contacts and sending messages. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. Place of processing:
United States 
Privacy Policy  Opt Out. This processing constitutes:
a sale according to the VCDPA
a sharing according to the CCPA
targeted advertising according to the VCDPA
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices (EU),
the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and
the Digital Advertising Alliance (US),
DAAC (Canada),
DDAI (Japan)
or other similar initiatives. Information for Californian consumers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as we, us, our). Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, internet information and geolocation data. Unless stated otherwise inside the Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data section, we will not retain your personal information for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling or sharing your personal information, we will abide by your request. If you want to submit requests to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (GPC), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Only with regard to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022, you have the right to request that we disclose information beyond the 12-month period, and we will provide them to you unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication, without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelated purposes. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them. Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the Users device.