Published on11/25/2021Thank you for using Meete(the Software, Appor Service)! This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party software or service. By visiting the software or service, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. We have the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy regarding the updates of the Software. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through the email displayed below.1.Informationwe collect from youThere are two general categories of information we will process:1)when you use or access the Software and the Service, some information about you may be automatically collected as follows:We may collect the technical information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. We may collect certain information about your orders and paymentrecords for purchasing virtual diamondsand other paid service offered by us. such as purchase items, payment time, order status. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple or Google). These companies can be contacted through their websites. When you use your points to redeem cash, you may voluntarily submit your PayPal account and handwritten signatureto us. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to redeem cash. For safety and to ensure you have better possible user experience, we will need you to verify your Account and ask for your phone number. We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also want to avoid fake Account being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime. If you turn geo location features on, when you use your mobile device, we will collect information about Wi-Fi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you. In order to use other features, such as set avatars, send pictures to other users, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photos in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera microphone or photo album. When your Account is deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the App. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.4.Disclosure of Your InformationWe will not disclose your personal information, except in the limited circumstances described here:Your Consent  Where you voluntarily do upload and choose to provide your personal information on your profile when you create an Account, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your information and making this public to other users. Therefore, we recommend you to think carefully about the information you disclose about yourself. Service Providers - We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we(and any third parties with whom we cooperate) will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our Services, you may be taken to a website or app that we do not control. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such third- party websites or app. However, no system can be completely security. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.10.User Age RestrictionAlthough we want as many people as possible to enjoy the Service, you have to be at least 18 years old or reach the statutory minimum age according to the law and regulation in your country, in order to use the App.