Privacy Policy
Prompt clause
The Hiyala team (hereinafter referred to as "we") is well aware of the importance of
personal information to you and will try our best to protect your personal information safe and
reliable. If the products or services provided by
Hiyala are used in the products or services of our affiliated companies (such as directly logging in
with a Hiyala account) but there is no independent privacy policy, this policy also applies to that
part of the products or services. How apps use face data
Facial Information: We will use picture technology to identify the user's face in the
camera experience based on the user's consent or with permission. Provides you with augmented reality or beautification through image manipulation. Such
information may also be used to improve the functions (such as photos, videos, effects, avatars,
etc.) provided by our services, especially to provide users with more suitable content and to apply
avatar functions, makeup, filters in appropriate places. We will not share this information
with third parties, store it on our servers, or process it for any purpose other than the service
functions described above;
Provide you with goods or services
1Information you provide to us
When you register an account or use our services, you provide us with relevant personal
information, such as phone numbers, emails, etc.; The shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and the
information stored when you use our services. Before providing the aforementioned personal
information of the other party to Hiyala, you need to ensure that you have obtained its authorization
and consent. 2How we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, to provide you with a more relaxed visit
experience, and to recommend content that may be of interest to you, we will store small data files
called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Web beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and
pixel tags on our websites. For example, the email we send you may contain a link to the address of
our website. 3Sharing with affiliated companies: In order to facilitate us to provide you with
services based on affiliated accounts, recommend information that may be of interest to you or
protect the personal and property safety of Hiyala affiliates or other users or the public from
infringement,Your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies. For example, arranging partners to provide services. Unless we have your
permission, we will not share your personally identifiable information (referring to information
that can identify you, such as your name or email address,This information can be used to contact
you or identify you) and share it with partners who provide advertising and analysis services. 2Suppliers, service providers and other partners. 4How we protect the security of your personal information
We have adopted common industry solutions and reasonable and feasible security
protection measures to protect the personal information you provide, and prevent unauthorized
access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We will do
our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. You can access your personal information yourself in the following ways:
Personal InformationIf you want to access or edit your personal information such as
nickname, avatar, hometown, emotional state, date of birth, horoscope, occupation, school, hobbies
and other information of location and footprint, you can log in to your account through " Personal
Center"-"My Profile"-"View or Edit Personal Information" to perform such operations. We will respond to your access request within
30 days. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who
have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible at the same time and require
them to delete it in a timely manner, unless laws and regulations provide otherwise, or these
subjects obtain your independent authorization. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing
of personal information based on your authorization. After you actively cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or
services, delete your personal information, or make it anonymized in accordance with the
requirements of applicable laws. In the case of collecting personal information of minors through the use of our products
or services with the consent of their parents or guardians, we will only use, share, or transfer
them when permitted by laws and regulations, the parents or guardians have expressly agreed to, or
are necessary to protect minors Or disclose this information. 8How to update this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights in accordance with this
privacy policy. For major changes, we will provide noticeable notifications (including we will
notify you through Hiyala announcements and even provide you with pop-up prompts). The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1Our service model has undergone major changes. 9How to contact us
1If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you
can contact us through Hiyala customer service and "Settings"-"Feedback" in the Hiyala mobile app;
2If you find that your personal information may be leaked, you can make a complaint and
report by contacting customer service;
3We have also set up a dedicated department for personal information protection, through
which you can contact.