How TikTok is supporting our community through COVID-19U.S.Privacy PolicyLast updated: May 22, 2023This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the Platform), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users under age 13 (Children), please refer to our Childrens Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in theTerms of Service. User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, text, hashtags, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (User Content) and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age. Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences. Information From Other SourcesWe may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:If you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform usinga third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google, or link your TikTok account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the servicefor example, your public profile information (such as nickname), email, and contact list. We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices. Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the Information We Collect:To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback. To promote the safety and security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies. Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the Information You Provide, Information From Other Sources, and Automatically Collected Information but would not receive your payment information or message data. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. Your RightsYou may submit a request to know, access, correct or delete the information we have collected about you at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all of the requested services. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, you can prevent your device from sharing such information with the Platform at any time through your devices operating system settings. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Other entities with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material.