Bliss Live privacy policy
The company (under article referred to as "we") know the profile of the user is extremely important; In view of this, we will do our best to protect the user 's personal information, and to develop this Privacy Policy (under the text referred to as the "Policy"), please note:
This policy does not apply to other third- party platform services provided to you, do not apply to this software already set up a separate independent privacy policy product or service. Before using the products or services of this software, please be sure to read carefully and thoroughly understand this policy. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us through various contact methods provided in this software. And this software only provides services to users who are over 18 years old. The company has the right to modify this policy. If you continue to access or use the software, it will be deemed You accept the revised policy content. 1.Information collected by Bliss Live
a)Registration information. When you register to use the application, you will provide us with basicinformation:such as age, gender. c)non-personally identifiableinformation:such as country of residence and preference information. h)Locationinformation:We will use your IP address to infer your approximate location. Or use the longitude and latitude to determine your location. Cookies are small text files containing strings and alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and permanentcookies. j)Upload content: Collect user content (such as photos, screenshots,comments,and other materials) created on the service. Bliss Live will not process or store your payment information. However, we may store information about you " serve " other purchases made on the information, which may include your name, date, time and amount of the transaction, and other behavioural information. l)Error report information: If the service crashes or hangs up, we will also collect error report information so that we can investigate errors and improve the stability of the service. b)We may also share your information and information from tools such ascookies,log files, device identifiers and location data with third-party organizations ("serviceproviders") that help us provide services to you. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services that you are interested in. Allour service providers and partners should agree to fulfil their confidentiality obligations due diligence. In the event of a merger (in whole or in part), sale, acquisition, divestment, reorganization, reorganization, dissolution or bankruptcy or a change in the ownership or control of the company, we will issue a relevant announcement. 3.How do we protect yourinformation:
a)We will adopt reasonable and feasible security protection measures in line with the industry's general solutions to protect the personal data you provide, and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of personal data. Wait, please consider carefully beforeuploading. 4.How we use your information:
a)Verify youridentity. b)Enable your contact with others through theservice. d)Show you the name of the person you communicate with and show your name to the person you communicate with in the "Service. When you delete data from our service, we may not delete the corresponding data from the backup systemimmediately. If you change part of the authorized content, it may result in the inability to use some of the services or products provided byus. 6.How to manage information about minors
a)We will not intentionally collect personal information from children under13,and we will not serve children under 13 years of age. We recommend that you check this page regularly to see if there is any new content.