The Social Network for meeting new people
It's Free! PLEASE BE SAFE WHEN INTERACTING WITH USERS. The Privacy Policy and the Content and Conduct Policy are each part of this Agreement. These summaries are for reference only and in the event that there is a discrepancy between this Agreement and the language of the side summaries, the Agreement will prevail. Upon learning of any violation of this Agreement, the Company, at its sole discretion, may terminate your access to and use of the Services, require you to correct such violation, and/or take any other actions that the Company deems appropriate to enforce its rights and pursue all available remedies. Without limitation, the Company reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the Services if, in our view, your conduct fails to meet any of the following guidelines:
Members shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Companys database or other computer systems. Members shall not attempt to sell Tagged Gold. Gifts constitute a limited license to access a certain feature on the Tagged platform when, as, and if allowed by Tagged. If your Premium membership account is billed through our website, you must visit http://www.tagged.com/account_info.html, click the Subscriptions and Payments tab, select 'cancel your subscription' and click 'Cancel Premium' at least three days prior to your next scheduled automatic payment so that we can process your cancellation properly. You agree that this license includes the right for the Company to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to the Companys terms and conditions for such Content use. The Company may use your feedback, comments and suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them. A Notice being sent to you shall be sent to the e-mail address associated with your Services account and to any other e-mail address provided in your registration (collectively, "Member Notice Address"). Except, however, that if the arbitrator in such action finds that either the substance of your dispute against the Company or the relief you are seeking in the arbitration is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees in such action shall be governed by the AAA Rules. If all or part of this specific paragraph is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable after final appeal, then the entirety of this Dispute provision shall be deemed null and void. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as they relate to implied warranties. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell information from
minors under 18. In addition, as with most
location-enabled applications, we and our third-party partners may access your
location any time your device is on, whether or not you are logged-in to our
Services. We are not responsible for (and dont have any control over)
the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. You can instruct your browser,
by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting
a cookie from the websites you visit. Third party advertising companies may collect information using
cookies, your AdID, your IDFA and other sources. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you
request, (ii) when you provide your explicit consent, (iii) for our
legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and records,
securing and protecting the integrity of our Services, and for Service
development; and (iv) to meet applicable legal requirements. Specifically, we use and disclose your information in the following ways:
To customize your experience on our Services, including
suggestions about features you may enjoy or people you may want to meet. You may hide the Pets feature, but your profile picture will be
visible to other users of the game. A
copy of these safeguards may be made available by writing to us at the address
provided in the Contact Information section below. California residents have
the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose
and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal
information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at
Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938
or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior
to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent
to the email you used when making your request. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy
or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Services or
The Meet Group, Inc. in any way, your only option is to delete your account. The purpose for processing your Personal Information; we process the categories of Personal Data listed above for the purposes referenced in Section IV of the Privacy Policy. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing, our use of your Personal Data is governed by the VCDPA Notice in current effect.