Search this siteSkip to main contentSkip to navigationMangoPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceMangoPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceMorePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyMango is a real-time chat mobile application. This Privacy Policy covers what we (Mango Mango App we our) do with the Personal Information (as defined herein) that you share with us and the data we collect when you are accessing our App and/or our Service. As our Service integrates with third party sites, such as Facebook, and other sites and social networks, we assume that you are already aware of the privacy policies of those other sites and networks when using our App and/or our Service and when you allow us to interact with these sites and networks on your behalf. The ServiceThe key functionality of Mango is a real-time chat mobile application where users can meet cool and interesting people from all over the world, enjoy fun chats, and make new friends on our platform. You have total control over your profile information and you can access to modify at any time. In addition, unless you opt-out (which you may do so at any time in the settings of our application), your Profile is discoverable by other users. Heres a fuller explanation of the types of information we collect when you use our services:Usage Information. We collect information about your activity through our services. In addition, if you choose to share these items with other users, we may not be able to remove them from our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have shared them with. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share.- Device Information. Your photos and videos may be captured by other users on the service, and those content can be stored and used by us or third party services (e.g. Facebook) for content moderation and community safety monitoring purposes. Because Mango is all about communicating with friends, we maywith your consentcollect information from your devices phonebook.- Location Information. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. That information includes, among other things:- Details about how youve used our services.- Device information, such as your web browser type and language.- Access times.- Pages viewed.- IP address.- Identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser.- Pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.- If you contact us by email and other means (Twitter, Facebook etc) we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence and will use these contact info and correspondence if we respond to you. We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or operated by us, or any other third-party sources, and combine that with the information we collect through our services. For example, we may store information as local cache so that you can open the app and view content faster. How We Share InformationIn certain instances, we may share your personal information with third-party service providers to further improve and optimize our service for you. We may share the following information with other users- Information about you, such as your username and name;- Information about how you have interacted with the services, such as the names of users you are friends with, and other information that will help users understand your connections with others using the services. For example, when you let us access your device phonebook, we may share information about you with other users who have your phone number in their device phonebook;- With all users and the general public. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:- Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;- Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations;- Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.- With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition. You expressly agree that information provided when you register the App and/or the content your created when using the App (including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and other content), may be recorded, stored, published and made available to the rest of Mango users. If any deletion of user information of our App happens, we cannot promise that deletion will occur within a specific timeframe. There are limits though to the requests well accommodate. You can also remove our service from your mobile device or process account deletion.- Revoking Permissions. You can remove your data anytime you want. Upon your request, we will temporarily disable your account to prepare for removal. Upon the end of 30 days, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. Mango does not currently respond to do-not-track signals that may be sent from your device. ChildrenOur services are not intended forand we dont direct them toanyone under 18.