My profile
Email
Name
Password
Save
Delete account
Privacy Policy
Objective and Scope
Jekmate - live private videos (jetliprv.sbs) values the trust placed in us by our users and therefore, we follow the highest standards of privacy guidelines to protect the information shared by you with us. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information. All capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein shall have the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use applicable to the jetliprv.sbs you are using. In some cases, particularly if you reside in a country governed by a data protection regulation, we may ask you to provide explicit consent to access our services before proceeding for further operations. Collection and Use of Personal Information
'Personal Information' or 'PII' is defined as any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) to a particular individual or natural person, such as the individuals name, postal address, email address, and mobile number indicating to that particular person or is identifiable. Information you provide to us
We may ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the jetliprv.sbs and without this information we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services;
First and Last Name
Email id
Primary Phone No. Geo-location information like IP addresses,
Cookies;
You can read more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy. Purposes and Lawfulness of processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful basis. Lawful basis on which we would process our personal information includes obtaining explicit consent from you for processing your personal information or processing for legitimate interests where processing is necessary by us to provide you with customer support or process your data for providing premium services (For e.g. processing your information by our payment gateway service providers). We use information to provide, analyse, administer, enhance and personalize our service and marketing efforts, to process your registration, your orders, payments, and to communicate with you related to below mentioned points. notify you about changes in terms of service. Personal information will only be shared by the jetliprv.sbs to provide or improve our service and marketing aspects; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. For example, providing E-mail related services such as marketing newsletters, promotions and offers. For example, we use service providers to help us with customer support. We may also disclose Your Personal Information if we, in the good faith believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. Your Controls and Choices
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your personal information. If you have chosen to connect your jetliprv.sbs account to a third-party application, like Facebook, Google or Twitter, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings. We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We shall review your request and may ask you to verify your identity. Complaints
You can write to our data protection officer in case of any grievance or compliant. Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, products, and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact our customer support team
Childrens Privacy
jetliprv.sbs is not intentionally designed for or directed at persons less than 18 years of age. However, we consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their childrens use of our services. jetliprv.sbs does not seek or intend to seek or receive any personal information from children. Additionally, when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards. Security and compliance with laws
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. Change in Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws (Updated Terms). The Updated Terms shall be effective immediately and shall supersede these the terms of this Privacy Policy.