HomeAboutQ&AGuidelinesContactPrivacy PolicyTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySIMPLIFIED SUMMARYController of personal data: Cosmic Latte s.r.o., established in accordance with the laws of the Czech Republic, with its registered office at Rohansk nbe 678/23, Karln, 186 00 Prague 8, Czech Republic, ID no. You have a right to delete or modify data provided to the Zoe App or delete your account at any time. Categories of recipients of the personal data: We provide information that we process, including personal data, only in the necessary scope to third parties that provide us with services, in particular, cloud data centers, services for automatic evaluation of the content of photographs, communication, data hosting and maintenance providers, services for payment process, security operations, analytics suppliers, application developers and customer care center service. Transfer of personal data: Your personal data might be transferred to other countries. Right to lodge a complaint: You also have the right to lodge a complaint with respective supervisory authority. FULL WORDING OF PRIVACY POLICYCosmic Latte s.r.o., This privacy policy will inform you of the data we collect, why we collect the data, how long we store the data, and what we do with the data. We need this data for providing our Services, we cannot ovide the correct connections and our Application cannot work right without the data about you and some information about your preferences. Information you provideWhen registering on the Application, you may use the registration form or register through Facebook. You can delete such data from your profile anytime. When linking to other social sites, you have the option of selecting which categories of data or what specific data (etc. When linking to an account on Instagram, Zoe acquires your Instagram ID and access to your photographs on Instagram. Localization dataLocalization data, i.e. information about your current location, are important for the proper functioning of the Zoe application, especially when searching for suitable connections in your vicinity. Message contentThe Zoe application allows you to chat with other users on the Zoe application or to send information to us as the operator of the application. This information includes the language setting of your mobile device or information about how you have used our services, time when you joined, time you spend using the Application, the features you use, interaction with other users ( whether you have marked a profile of another user as Like or Dislike, so that we can connect you when there is mutual agreement), the number of messages, the number of swipes and the number of connections. Providing other information is completely voluntary for the user. How we use the information we collectWe use the information we collect for operating the Zoe application (i.e., for performing the contract that you have with us) and in this connection for improving and developing new services, and for protecting our company, you and other users of the Zoe application. Thus, we can send you a commercial communication (such as an SMS, MMS, e-mail, etc.) We are able to connect all of the personal data we collect on the Zoe application with information (including personal data) from other services associated with the Zoe application. When displaying your profile in the Zoe application, we respect the privacy settings of your profile and the restrictions on certain information. We never provide your data to third parties for any marketing or commercial purpose. You have control over your personal data. You may change, delete or update any of the personal data at any time in the Settings section. We will delete your personal data as follows:If you require deletion or if you delete your Account all personal data, including your profile, are deleted within 6 months of receiving the request  this period is set to protect our users and us and may further be prolonged in justified cases (pending legal action, investigation by authorities etc.). This period is necessary e.g. to investigate unappropriated behaviors;After 74 days of your inactivity your swipes and matches will be deleted. We disclose personal data only to employees and contractual partners who need to process the data on our behalf. All employees and contractual partners are bound by the duty to uphold confidentiality. If, despite all our efforts, an unauthorized leak of personal data will take place, we might need to notify the relevant supervisory authority and follow procedure prescribed by law in this respect. If it involves significant changes, we will prepare for you a summary and explanation.