Privacy PolicyFor providing you with this mobile application( the App or Software ) and related services( Services), Action First Holding Limited ( we, our, or us) needs to collect some privacy information about you. When you use the Software, we may collect and use your personal information and user information. We hope that through this Privacy Policy, we can explain to you the corresponding processing rules and other relevant matters when we collect and use your personal information, so as to better protect your rights and interests. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which this Privacy Policy has changed, we will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.1.User Age RestrictionThe Service offered by us are not intended for children under 17 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the Minimum Age). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. In order to use some of the features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or microphone in your mobile device to take pictures and send voice messages, etc.2)Permission to Access to the Storage. If you turn geolocation features on, when you use your mobile device, we will collect information about Wi-Fi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your devices coordinates to offer certain features to you. This information helps us identify your physical location and we may use it to personalize the App and make it easier for you to interact with other users.4)Registration InformationFor getting more chances to interact with other users, you may voluntarily to create an account. We will collect such Registration Information to assist you with completing registration and to protect your Account. You may choose to log in the App through the third-party account, which is including but not limited to Facebook, Google, and when you do, we will collect your User ID and display name of your third-party account by the SDK of the third-party. Information that is processed automatically1)Technical Information. We may use the API of Android to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Google.). These companies can be contacted through their websites. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.3)Virtual gold coins and points. We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at [ [emailprotected] ]. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format.