Its great that youd like to know more about how we keep your information safe. In other words, if youre looking for more information on how we collect, store, use and share your personal data, this is the place for you!Who is responsible for your personal data?The LEGO Group is made up of several different legal entities spread around the world. Please note that, in certain circumstances, we may be required to retain some of your personal data after you have requested deletion to satisfy our legal or contractual obligations. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender. Pseudonymization is a method that replaces or removes information in the dataset that identifies an individual but permits a data controller or third party to reidentify the personal data with reasonable effort. Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services. Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators. 6(1)(c), GDPR, in connection to our compliance with legislationPerformance of a contract, art. 6(1)(f), GDPR in understanding our marketing effectiveness outside our own channels (e.g. via social media, search engines or market places)Your consent, art. Our legitimate interest in providing you with relevant content of your marketing message based on aggregated insights from shoppers and users on our websiteLegitimate interest, art. 6(1)(f), GDPR, in using your data to better understand the characteristics and preferences of our existing customer and use that to find new customers similar to youYour consent, art. We do this to be able to assess and optimize the health of the VIP program and to administer, develop and market the programTo give you relevant marketing based on your interests and preferences both when engaging with us in our own LEGO branded channels as well as via third-party channels (e.g. social media, search sites, market places)To find/recruit potential new customers that look like our current customers (look alike) or ensure that are current customers are not targeted with irrelevant marketing messages (suppression)Performance of a contract, art. Fraud prevention and detection partners and agencies. Warehousing, packing, shipping and delivery partners. Catalog printing, mailing and postal partners. These help us make sure catalogs and magazines come your way. These help us to be able to provide tailored advertisements, promotions, sweepstakes, contests and campaigns both when you are interacting with the LEGO Group on online platforms, on social media, in-store or otherwise. Such transfers can be made if any of the following conditions apply;The EU Commission has decided that there is an adequate level of protection in the country in question; orBinding Corporate Rules (BCR) are in place (for inter-company transfers); orStandard Contractual Clauses (EU model-clauses) are used; orExceptions in special situations apply, such as to fulfil a contract with you or your consent to the specific transfer. For more information about cookies and how to manage them, please read our full Cookie Policy and Cookie Declaration. or click on your cookie settings on LEGO.com or in the digital game or app (where applicable).SECTION 4: INFORMATION FOR PARENTSInformation for parents: how the LEGO Group handles childrens personal dataKeeping children safe onlineWe care deeply about making sure children are safe online and have extra privacy processes in place to make sure were keeping our younger fans safe when theyre using our online channels. Collecting and using childrens informationWhile some of our websites, channels and apps are designed with families and users of all ages in mind, others are intended to be used mainly by children. We then only keep the childs online contact information for the time it takes us to honor their request and wouldnt use the information for any other purpose. If you would like your child to stop receiving push notifications from one of our apps, you can change the settings on the device your child is using at any time. Alternatively, please contact our LEGO Customer Service team. In order to give visitors to our online channels more relevant and personalized online experiences, we collect some types on information (e.g. information on IP addresses, mobile device identifier, browsers, internet service providers, referring pages, exit pages, visitor frequency, operating systems, date stamps, time stamps and clickstream data). Asking for verified parental consentIf a child wants to share personal information publicly or with a third party via one of our websites or digital experiences, well seek a higher level of parental consent than the email request described above. Sometimes there are links to other pages. If you want to know more, please ask an adult to help you read the entire Privacy Policy. Can anyone else see my personal data?Sometimes we need to share your personal data to do our work. The rights you have depend on what we use your data for, and there is a lot more information in this Privacy Policy.