Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 25, 2023
Some of the best moments in life are private, shared only with your family or close friends. Were not here for the influencer or the filtered mass market life. This Privacy Policy is part of the User Agreement which also comprises our Terms of Service (Terms) and our Community Standards. Like the rest of the User Agreement, we cannot make you read it. This includes:
profile photos, photos, videos, RealMojis, emojis, captions, comments, messages or geolocation. Remember, other users can copy (e.g., screenshot) your Content and share it through other services so we recommend that you do not share any Content that you do not want other people see or copy. Communications with BeReal: When you report a concern with our Services, respond to a survey, request assistance, or exercise your rights, we receive information from you that is necessary to support you, respond to you, and improve our services. 1.2 Data we collect when you use our Services
Like all internet based services, as you use our Services, we automatically receive information about you from your device and your usage of our Services:
Connection and Technical Data:
IP address, account creation date, last login, terminal equipment and port. Its a foundational part of how BeReal works. Geolocation Data: You can decide to share your location when you share Content through our Services. We do not access your Address Book without your permission. As a general rule the use cases BeReal makes of the information we receive falls into the following categories:
Operation, Improvement, and Provision of our Services: To create an account for you, receive and display Content, identify Content or accounts that may interest you, ensure our Services operate as you expect, and improve them. This can happen when we need to communicate with you about a feature of our Services or when you contact us to ask a question or report Content. Research: We like real feedback from real users. When we do research, we let you know and you get to decide if you want to be a part of it. We have published, and keep up to date, a chart that shows the information we receive about you, the purposes we use it for, the legal reasons for that use, and the length of time we keep that information. That generally falls into the following categories. Service Providers: To bring you our Services we work with a small group of partners who provide us services. Partner Integrations: Where we partner to bring you a feature we may need to share your information with the partner to integrate the feature into our Services. Legal and Statutory Purposes: From time to time we may receive legal requests for information related to our users, be required to proactively share data with authorities when we learn of certain Content on our Services (e.g., Child Sexual Abuse Material or terrorism), address fraud or security concerns, or protect people on our Services or elsewhere from harm. This Privacy Policy would apply to all transferred information. Account Creation Data: retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) as it is required to provide and operate an account for you. Content Data: retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) or until the Content is deleted by you. Communications with BeReal: retained for no longer than 24 months. Address Book Data: Where we keep phone numbers, we keep them in a hashed form and they are only used to help find your friends where you choose to do so. You can also unblock or unhide them at any time. In the settings of the applications you can change your time zone at any time. Deactivate Memories: In the settings of the applications you can choose to activate or deactivate the Memories feature at any time. If you choose to delete your account, your account will be scheduled for deletion. This process takes approximately 15 days.