Sign UpHomeAboutStatsTournamentsChallengesRulesFAQSign upAlready have an account?Sign inPrivacy PolicyUpdated August 30, 2022Z League Inc. ("Z League", "us", "we", or "our") operates the website www.zleague.gg (the "Website"), the skill-based tournament platform available through our Website and mobile application available on iOS and Android (the "App") (together, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Z League collects, uses, and discloses your personal data when using our Services, and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights. If you object to the practices described in this policy, you should (a) remove cookies from your computer after leaving our Website, and (b) discontinue your use of our Services. If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland, the GDPR Privacy Notice available here applies to you. For example, we may collect different information from you depending on whether you are a visitor to our Website or register to use our Services as a player, or whether you seek to claim a tournament prize that you have won. Information you provide to us directlyWe may collect the following personal information that you provide to us:When you register for and use the Services. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may include personal information. This data would include your activities on our Website and App. For more information regarding use of "tracking technologies" and related collection of information, please see the Cookies section below. This is one way we aim to keep our tournaments fair for all players. We must process your data to fulfil this contract. We share data with service providers who help us provide the Services (each, a "Service Provider"). When we do, we use third-party payment processors to effectuate your purchase, such as PayPal. We share your payment card details with our third party payment processors and the handling of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy practices. We use and disclose data as we believe necessary: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to enforce our terms and conditions; (iii) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or the safety or property of yours or others; and (iv) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence. To the extent permitted by applicable law, by submitting your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing, or processing. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. Service Providers and Third PartiesOur Service may, from time to time, contain links to other websites, mobile applications, or digital properties that are not operated by us, including those of our Service Providers, which you may access either directly, via an authentication process, or otherwise through the Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us and we do not have any responsibility over their privacy and security practices. Children's PrivacyOur Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include a pseudonymous unique identifier. However, please note that cookie-based opt-outs are typically not effective on mobile applications. More broadly, the online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. Marketing communicationsYou have the right to ask us not to contact you for marketing purposes by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send, or by contacting us at[emailprotected].Security of your informationWe take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. You are responsible for keeping confidential any passwords you use to access our Services. We ask you not to share this password with anyone else and not to use this password for other services or products. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.