Privacy policyLast updated: 2023/03/10Welcome to WaveChat("we"). Capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meanings given to them in user terms. If you allow us to access your phonebook on your mobile device, we also collect information contained in messages you send through our platform and your contacts. These providers include cloud storage providers and other IT service providers. If there are any changes, how will we inform you?We will normally notify all users of any significant changes to this policy through our platform notifications. However, you should review this policy periodically to check for any changes. We will also update the "last update" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of the policy. If you continue to visit or use the service after the date of renewal of the policy, you accept the renewal policy. If you do not agree with the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the service. If you choose to link your social network or public forum account (such as Waooo, twitter, Google) to the platform, you will provide or allow your social network to provide us with information from your social network or public forum account, including your contact list. When you use the platform, we will automatically collect some of your information, including your IP address, location related data (as described below) or other unique device identifier, your browsing history (including what you view on the platform), cookies (as defined below), your mobile operator, time zone settings, mobile or device information, including device model and screen Screen resolution, operating system and platform, and information about your platform. Finally, we collect preferences for opt in and communication. If you want to find other users through your WaveChatcontact, we will collect your public WaveChatinformation as well as the name and profile of your WaveChatcontact. When you upload a video to the platform ("user content"), some metadata connected to user content is automatically uploaded. When you choose to buy coins, you will be transferred to the app store on your mobile device to complete the purchase. How can we share your informationWe will share your information with the following selected third parties:Our business partners, so that we can provide you with special discounts through the platform;Advertisers and advertising networks need data to selectChoose and serve advertisements for you and others. Your rightsIf you have registered for an account, you can access and update some of the personal information you provide to us by logging in to your online account and using the functions and features available there. Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not entirely secure. We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the level of security is commensurate with the potential and severity of the risks to your and other users' rights and freedoms. Changes to the privacy settings on the platform will be applied immediately and affect information you have posted in the past. How long do we keep your informationWe use the following criteria to determine how long your information will be retained:Our contractual obligations and rights with respect to the information involved;According to the law, keep the data required by law for a certain period of time;The limitation of action stipulated by law shall be applied;Our legitimate business purposes; and Potential dispute or dispute. Information related to childrenThe platform is not for children under 18. If we find that someone has collected personal information from a person under 18, we will delete that information and terminate the person's account. If you think we have collected information about children under 18, please contact us through online feedback. You have the right to access and review the personal data we hold about you, correct any inaccurate personal data about you, request the deletion of the personal data you hold about you, and request that the processing of your personal data be suspended. If you are under the age of 21 and you declare that you have obtained the consent of your parents or legal guardian, you canUse the service or register an account on the service. The insurance policy is written in English. Each party acknowledges that it has read and understood this policy and that it is made freely and without coercion. The parties agree that compliance with Law No. 24 / 2009") shall apply to this policy (an agreement to which an Indonesian entity is a party).