top of pageSUPERLIVEHomeTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items. In addition, some features of the Superlive llc Services are designed to provide others with information about user activity, such as identifying the user who created a particular Clip or the subscription status of users for a given channel. In addition, if you utilize Real-Person Profile Picture Authentication, we collect your profile picture and facial-recognition video for Real-Person Profile Picture Authentication on the premise of your approval by comparing your profile picture with face-recognition video. For example, we may obtain additional information from games or services you use, or social media networks (such as Facebook) for which you have approved our access. We may also collect, use and share your information to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify you. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature, to generate statistics about our users, to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature, or to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on. How We Use Your Information
We will only use your Personal Information when the applicable laws allow us to. Cookie: We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) ( Cookies) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform and improve our services. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You can change who can see a video or a picture each time you upload a video
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, to improve, optimize the Platform and to prevent illegal use. We may disclose your Personal Information to members of our corporate group (that is, entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with us) to the extent this is necessary for services, customer management, customization of content, advertising, analytics, verifications, functionality and security, and compliance. These service providers may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. We also may share aggregated information with third parties for conducting general business analysis. This information does not contain any Personal Information and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest. In accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, we will implement appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information remains protected and secure when it is transferred outside of your country to a jurisdiction that has a less adequate level of protection of personal data. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these third-party websites or mobile applications or their contents. Data Security
We take appropriate administrative, technical and physical security measures to safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information at all times. Your Choices
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You can also hide your location, videos uploaded, recent active time and other information by adjusting Privacy setting. We may ask you to go through a verification process, such as using your phone number and an instant pin, before we respond to your request. To designate an authorized agent, you will need to execute a valid, legally enforceable power of attorney (POA) with your agent and submit this POA together with your request to us. You may request deletion of your account at any time through the Me > Settings > Connected Account > Delete Account menus in the app, or through sending email to support@superlivellc.com Following such request with appropriate review by us, we will delete the data that it is not required to retain for purposes of regulatory, tax, insurance, litigation, or other legal requirements. Privacy Policy
(If you are a user having your usual residence in the EEA and Switzerland)
Last updated: December 2020
This Superlive llc Privacy Policy explains how Superlive llc (Superlive llc we us) process any personal data we collect from visitors and any applications, services provided in relation to the website (collectively, the Superlive llc Services). Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser.