Taimi is reaching out across America to LGBTQ+ communities under fire. Still, all any time, you are entitled to make us stop showing that data to others by deleting relevant tags in your profile settings, restricting some users from accessing your profile (in this case just blocked users will not see your data) or requesting that we delete your tags or other data at support@taimi.com. The data controller is an entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of the data. Ltd. (Singapore), or any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Google LLC, which is a mapping services provider, in order to identify the location and allow you to find nearby users. Google provides more information on how it processes data in its Privacy Policy;
(b)  AWS service (Amazon Web Services) represented by Amazon Web Services, Inc. with a registered office at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, which is a storage place provider, in order to store the data. Servers.com provides more information on how it processes data in its Privacy Policy;
(d)  Zendesk service is represented by Zendesk, Inc. with a registered office at 989 Market Street San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, in order to provide technical support services to you. Facebook provides more information on how it processes data in its Privacy Policy;
(h)  Snapchat sync service which may be represented by Snap Group Limited with its registered address: 77 Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W1D 5DU, United Kingdom, in order to allow users to log in with Snap ID (Snapchat profile). BugsnagSoftware Development Kit
BugsnagInc. We use Facebook Audience Network to show you more relevant ads that will not annoy you. Facebook Login Kit
Facebook Inc.
Information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their services; information about your online and offline actions. Agora provides more information on how it processes data in its Privacy Policy;
(d)  Spotify AB, with its principal place of business at 150 Greenwich St 62nd floor, New York, NY 10007, United States. If the user`s profile meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the user is likely to breach the Terms of Use, the relevant profile will be subject to a warning and the users access restricted and/or blocked. We kindly recommend that you read their privacy policies since Taimi does not control how they use your personal data in that case;
(f)   if you do not want to have your Taimi profile linked to your profile on the third-party websites, please visit your Facebook, Snapchat or Apple profile and follow the instructions of those social media to remove the Taimi access permissions. Taimi is a place free of any kind of abuse, violence, laws and third-party rights infringement. We may share any personal data that we hold about you, depending on the nature of the request or the issue that we are dealing with;
(b)  we will disclose your data if its necessary so as to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal request of a state body (a law protection or enforcement body). Still, we will share your data if we receive respective and motivated legal request of such by the third partys attorney-at-law, proving your violation only. Please see section 8 to find out more;
(b)  legal obligation  we may process your data when we have a legal obligation when it is required by applicable laws, e.g., in order to prevent fraud, assist law protection and enforcement bodies. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we may receive your personal data from any third parties (other users, any official bodies, third-party providers, etc.) When your account is deleted (as well as your data) from the Services, copies of your data may still be viewable, if your data has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other users or other third parties. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. We may also process some technical data of minor users on the basis of our legitimate interest to protect the security or integrity (as considered in COPPA  312.4(c)(6)) and prevent such minors from accessing to our Service from other accounts;
(b)  our legitimate interest does not outweigh your right to privacy, because the way that we use the technical data does not significantly impact your privacy, and we have a compelling reason to do so (recital 47 of the GDPR). Additionally, we are happy to note that there is an alternative way to exercise your right toward geolocation data by yourself. If you want to limit the use of your sensitive personal information, please see section 9.4.4. 9.4.1 The right to know what personal information is being collected and the right to know what personal information is sold or shared. Owing to a sensitive nature of your data, we reserve the right to reject, at any time, requests concerning your data submitted by any third party. 10.Noticeto Virginia Residents
Consumers residing in Virginia are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). You may exercise your rights by contacting us at support@taimi.com. You can opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising by contacting us atsupport@taimi.com. In the event you submit your request to us, we will act as follows:
(a)  within 10 business days following a confirmation of receipt of your letter, we shall request that you provide us with relevant data for a verification procedure;
(b)  if you are a California or Virginia consumer, we will have 45 calendar days following the date of your request to process your request. 13.2.To help protect you and others, we may monitor your use of the Services and use your personal data and/or other information we collect in order to: identify fraudulent activities and transactions, prevent abuse of and investigate and/or prosecute potential threats to or misuse of the Service, ensure compliance with the Terms of Service and this Policy, investigate violations of or enforce these agreements and protect the rights and property of you, Taimi, its partners and other customers.