Community Curious?Share your email and well send you our 6-part educational series, which kicks off with our groundbreaking framework for the Life of a Community that will help you look around the corner. Return to homeSomething went wrong!Please, try again later. Hosts decide who can join their Mighty Network and whether they choose paid Member subscriptions on their Mighty Network. Information we collect and how we use itWhen you visit our website, join or create a Network, interact with us or your Host through the Service, or use our mobile applications, we, as the service provider for your Host, collect Personal Data and other information from you (collectively, Data). As we explain in our Terms of Use, you (and the people you license Your Content from) keep complete ownership of all Your Content. If you choose to do this, your profile picture and other Personal Data in your profile on the Integrated Service will become part of your profile on Mighty Networks. Our cookies collect the following information about you: which website or ad you visited right before ours, which pages you visited on our Service, and how much time you spent on each section of our Service. The use of this information is called analytics. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Our Sharing of your Personal Data and other informationWe consider personalizing your Mighty Networks experience an important part of our Service. We want you to understand what Personal Data gets shared with your Hosts, other Members of your Mighty Networks, other Hosts or Members of our Service, and other third parties as part of the Service. Third Parties include our service providers whom we authorize, through a data processing agreement, to process your personal data or information to help us with: development, maintenance, and support of our websites and mobile applications, marketing and advertising, marketing research and analysis, communications, and customer service. Hosts have committed in the Mighty Networks Terms of Use (/terms-of-use) to comply with applicable laws and regulations about their handling of Data and not to sell your information to third-parties. Only Hosts and other Members can see Profiles, Your Content, and activity. C. Aggregated data sharedWe disclose aggregated statistics, such as number of Hosts and Members, in order to describe our Service to current and prospective business partners, and to our Third Party service providers for our legitimate interests and other lawful purposes.3. Mighty Software, Inc., 530 Lytton Ave 2nd Fl, Office #208, Palo Alto, CA 94301, Phone: 415-935-4253We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. If you are a California resident, please see our California Privacy Notice for more details about our compliance with Californias privacy laws. If you are a member of the EU/ EEA/ UK, please see our EU/ EEA/ UK Privacy Notice for more details about our compliance with EU/ EEA/ UK privacy laws.4. B. Public, Private, Secret, or Paid Mighty Network settingsA Host can choose to make a Mighty Network Public, Private, Secret, or Paid as described above. You can choose to turn on or off your notifications by type, such as cheers on your posts and direct chat messages. If you continue to receive marketing messages from us or a Host after you opt-out, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation. G. Opting out of trackingPlease see our Cookie Policy for important information about non-Google cookies that are placed by us or by our business partners on your computer, mobile phone or other device and how to opt out. We do not have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks, or any other non-affiliated third parties. Account terminationYou can leave one or more of your Mighty Networks, or delete your Mighty Network account (on a Network by Network basis). The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Mighty Software, Inc. (the Third Party Sites). Please keep in mind that services provided by Integrated Services are not provided by us and therefore your use of the Integrated Services will be governed by the Integrated Services Terms of Use and other policies, and that the collection, use, and disclosure of information provided by you or us to Integrated Services is not governed by this Privacy Policy.11. Security of Your Personal DataWe use appropriate technical and organizational measures including encryption, aggregation, and pseudonymization to protect your Personal Data provided via the Service from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Phishing is a scam designed to steal your Personal Data or Information. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Mighty Networks Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Service. Weve got a FREE breakthrough formula for finding and capturing a Big Purpose your members will love.