Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy of FULIAO HONGKONG LIMITED and CHAMET and its
various & next versions including CHAMET web version (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "CHAMET", "us", "we", or "our") and is
incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not
use the Service. Chamet ensures these collected
data confidentially. For
registration through CHAMET, you are required to provide your mobile
phone number or your email address, city location, gender, name,
depending on the device(s) you are using on the Service. However, we may not be able to offer some of the features that
require this information. In addition,
CHAMET may collect and store information about your and others usage of
and interaction with the Service and our websites, including matches,
numbers of matches made by members, match durations, text messages,
usage by geographies, device and connection information, IP address,
device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, network type and
traffic to and from our websites. We
also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs
up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the
Service for future releases. We do not use this information for any purpose other than
investigating and fixing the error. Parties with whom we may share your information:  We may
share User Content and your information (including but not limited to,
information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data,
and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group
of companies that CHAMET is part of, or that become part of that group
("Affiliates"). But these Affiliates will honor the choices
you make about who can see your contents. How we use information we collect
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
 To verify your identity;  To connect you with others as
enabled by the Service;  To share your Profile with others on the
Service;  To allow your use of certain features of the Service
that may be offered from time to time. In addition, unless you opt-out (which you may do at any time in
theCHAMETapplication), your Profile is discoverable by other CHAMET
users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will
include your proximity to other users. In addition, CHAMET may pre-populate your Profile with certain
information such as your name and Facebook profile picture if you or
your friends have logged onto the Service using Facebook. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in
your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your
mobile device entirely. You can remove your data anytime you want. Any personally identifiable information
that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or
through the CHAMET application with other users, or (ii) submit on a
blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be
viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or
to commit identity theft. CHAMET is not responsible for any use or
misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of
information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
exchange of information between you and any third party. Opt-Out  Promotional Communications
CHAMET allows you to choose not to receive promotional email messages
from CHAMET and its service providers. In this
regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in
this Privacy Policy, FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITEDand CHAMET reserves the
right to transfer information outside of your country. Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18)
and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service. Notification of Changes
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy
Policy. You agree that
your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy
Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of
the revised Privacy Policy. We process and
answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one
month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required
due to the complexity of the request. Please note
that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade
secrets. Please note that if you exercise
this right, your user license to use the Service will cease
automatically. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease
processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we
have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data. 5) The right to data portability You have the
right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we
process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and
have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the
processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20
of the GDPR. Date
This privacy policy was posted on October1, 2019.