MeetMe Terms and ConditionsJump to Privacy PolicyVirginia Residents: Jump to Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act Privacy NoticeComplianceTerms of ServiceUpdated as of June 10, 2021 California subscribers: You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. All other users may request a refund by contacting MeetMe Member Services atsupport@themeetgroup.com, or by mailing or delivering a signed and dated notice that states that you, the buyer, are canceling this agreement, or words of similar effect. The Privacy Policy and the Content and Conduct Policy are each part of these TOS. If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use MeetMe. General WE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON OUR MEMBERS. Except as set forth in our Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for any Content that you upload or transmit on MeetMe. If you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason, you will lose all unused Subscription time without refund or other compensation. Gifts constitute a limited license to access a certain feature on the MeetMe platform when, as, and if allowed by us. All sales of Gifts are final and we do not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts. If you wish to terminate (or withdraw from) your purchase of Virtual Currency, we will refund the payments we have received from you, minus any amount of Virtual Currency that you have consumed. We May Contact You You agree that we may communicate with you by email, text messaging, phone or otherwise; usually our communication will relate to administrative, security and other issues relating to MeetMe, including invitations to participate in promotional activities, newsletters and other communications. Receiving these communications is a condition of your use of MeetMe, and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. You further agree that we will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss of any sort caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (1) MEETME WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (2) MEETME WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (3) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF MEETME WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (4) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH MEETME WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (5) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. Arbitration under these TOS and the Privacy Policy shall be conducted by a single arbitrator under the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or JAMS, at the election of the party filing a claim in arbitration. If any provision of the TOS is found to be invalid by an arbitrator or pursuant to the disputes section above or a court of competent jurisdiction, you nevertheless agree that the arbitrator or court should endeavor to give effect to our intentions as reflected in these TOS. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell personal information from children under age 13. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. However, in certain circumstances, we may ask you to consent to our processing biometric information and identifiers to fight fraudulent accounts (including bots) and other misuse of our Services, to increase the safety and integrity of the Services, and as described here. We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age, gender, parental status, relationship status, religion, education, and ethnicity), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads. You may opt-out of having your profile shared on other applications in the Settings tab. We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyones personal information. We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. Deletion of Your Personal Information You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. California residents have the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. If we require more time, we will notify you of the extension and provide an explanation of the reason for the extension in writing, and we will provide you with a response no later than ninety (90) calendar days of receipt of the request. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing, our use of your Personal Data is governed by the VCDPA Notice in current effect.