Toggle Navigation
Home
How it works
Blog
Premium
FAQ
Contact us
Privacy Policy
iLocateMobile  Coefficient SoftwareSystems Pvt Ltd(iLocateMobile, we, or us) care about your privacy and will take all the necessary steps to protect it. Information we collect
We receive the following information from you:
During registration, we collect your name, email address, mobile phone number. We may collect transaction ID when you use our premium service. We may also collect your IP address, browser cookies, referring pages urls, mobile carrier type, device type and model, mobile device operating system and based on your mobile phones settings, your geo-location data, including GPS coordinates and Wi-Fi details. We use your information to:
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services. Send you requested product or service information. Provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertisingAdminister your account. Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either through your device or app settings depending on your device type. You can also contact us atsupport@ilocatemobile.comSend you a newsletter. Display content based upon your interests. We may also collect analytics data to measure traffic and usage trends for the service. When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. To any other third party with your prior consent to do so. Childrens privacy
Our Service allows parents to keep track of their childrens location and whereabouts on mobile phone devices that the Parent has added to their account. The Service is intended to be used by children under 13 only with significant parental involvement and necessary approval. You can obtain the iLoc Parental Consent Form document, which must be completed, signed, and returned to us. At any time, if you suspect that we inadvertently had access to data from a child under 13 without your consent, please contact us via e-mail atsupport@ilocatemobile.com. We can then analyze this request and prevent future occurrences for the same. How we protect your Information
When we collect personal information directly from you, we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions regarding security on our Web site, you can contact us atsupport@ilocatemobile.com
We are not responsible for invasion by third parties of any privacy settings on your device. You can reduce these risks by using safe practices of common sense, such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, not accessing our website or app from public or shared computers. Your stored Information
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us atsupport@ilocatemobile.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Changes in our privacy policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.