Privacy PolicyEffective since: June 1, 2022.1. Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. By visiting our website www.Livhublive.com (Site), or accessing or using our Livhubmobile application (App) or all of the services available or related to therein (collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the Service), you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. When you visit the Site or App we may collect data from you as described below. Information we collectWhen you visit and use our Site or App , install the App on your device, or register for an account with Livhub, some personally identifiable information about you is collected in order for us to be able to provide you with the Services. Further details about this are set out below.2.1. For example you can indicate your interests in your profile page. The provision of such information is entirely optional. For example, if you register with Livhubusing your Facebook account (e.g., Facebook Connect), we may collect and store your Facebook ID and corresponding token on our servers for automatic log in and profile information and, if you give us your express consent, we will have access to and may collect certain information that you make available on Facebook (for example, your first and last names, email address, profile picture, birthdays). We also use information about whom you have communicated with and when (but not the content of those communications) to better understand the use of our Services, to protect the safety and integrity of our platform.2.2. Consequently we may collect, use, and store additional information about your location - such as your current precise position or places where youve previously used our Services - to operate or personalize our services including with more relevant connections.2.3. The purpose for using Log Data is to protect the security of accounts and to determine what is popular on our services and importantly Log Data is used to enable you to make connection with new and former connections on Livhub. If you make a payment or send money using our features or Services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made.2.5. For example, if you log in through Facebook we connect with your age profile there to help maintain the required standards to be on our App and use the Services.2.6. Livhubshall not be responsible for any use or misuse of such information that you share with other users. In general these reports do not contain personally identifiable information, or only incidentally. These error reports contain information such as the type and version of your device, the device identifier, the time the error occurred, the feature being used and the state of the App when the error occurred. To learn more about how we use the above data, please see the Cookie Policy section below.2.8. AgeThe Service is not directed at children or persons under the age of eighteen (18) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children or persons under the age of eighteen (18) as part of the Service. To enable us to carry out our contractual obligations with our StarBird Group and third parties.4.5 Information across Our Services:We connect information about you and your activities on Livhubwith our other Apps and Services provided by us to provide you with a broad engagement experience and to provide a more tailored and consistent experience with your use of the Services.5. Where the processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party for example for the prevention of fraud, network and information security, internal administrative purposes, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal information. Where you have given us consent to process your personal information for specified purposes, such as to provide our Service and other items requested by you. Where the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or requirement. To do so, you can change your settings in the App or in your mobile device. You can choose to remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, subject to any applicable legal or other requirement to maintain certain records of your personally identifiable data. We run stress tests on our systems to help us improve. In particular, you are entitled to the following rights:Right of Access:You shall have the right to obtain from Livhubconfirmation as to whether or not your personal information is being processed, and, where that is the case, you may request for a copy of your personal information. You can exercise your right to choose whether or not to accept cookies by adjusting your browser settings to modify your cookie preferences. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our Site, or as a pop up within our App, or as required by law.