Clapper
Last Updated: November 16, 2021
This Privacy Policy explains how Clapper Media Group Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (Clapper, we, or us) collects, uses, and discloses information about you. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our Services), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us. CONTENTS COLLECTION OF INFORMATION USE OF INFORMATION SHARING OF INFORMATION ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES YOUR CHOICES YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS CONTACT US
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see the Your Choices section below. Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising. If you submit a review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services. If you choose to use integrations we offer on our Services, such as sharing your location through our Google Maps integration, we may share certain information with the integration partners. We share personal information with third parties for their own services and marketing purposes, unless you opt out of this type of sharing by emailing us at contact@clapperapp.com. If you are IOS user who want to refund though Apple Store, we may share your consumption data (such as the consumption status, lifetime dollars purchased and refund, account tenure and other in need) on Clapper platform with Apple Inc. to protect our legitimate interests. We share personal information with your consent or at your direction. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. We also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of customized campaigns on third-party platforms (such as Facebook and Google). If you still need help deleting your account, you may email us at contact@clapperapp.com. If you initially consent to our collection of such location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA (Cal. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
AB1Category of Personal Information Categories of Recipients 2Identifiers,
commercial information, internet and other electronic network activity,
geolocation data, electronic information, and inferences drawn from such
data. 3Identifiers,
personal information, commercial information, internet and other electronic
network activity, geolocation data, and electronic information. Clapper does not sell your personal information. To opt out of having your personal information used for targeted advertising purposes, please see the Advertising and Analytics section above. Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any sales of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may exercise your deletion rights by deleting your account in the Privacy and Safety settings in the app. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.