Privacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYLast Updated: Aug 10th, 2022This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NGL Labs LLC (NGL, we, us, or our) and how we handle personal information that we collect through our application, website and any other sites or services (collectively, the Services).The basicsNGL allows users to receive anonymous messages through Instagram. NGL may reveal properties of the Message Sender to the App User, based on the Message Senders IP address or browser user agent. To protect the safety of our users, we employ AI content moderation services like Hive Moderation. Personal information we collectWe collect information about you from a variety of sources, and the type of information we collect depends on how you interact with our Services  such as whether you visit our website, download the NGL app, or send messages to App Users through the Services. They may also upload a profile picture for their NGL account. Messages that Message Senders submit to App Users through the Services. Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked. How we use your personal informationWe use Personal information for one or more of the following purposes:Providing and supporting the Services. In particular we will use your personal information to perform our contractual obligation under our terms of use towards you, such as to:Allow you to create an account and use the Services. Respond to your requests, provide customer support, contact you in case of any issue with your account, and send you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. Improve, monitor, personalize, and protect our Services and communications. Investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity. Marketing and advertising, including for:Direct marketing. We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate our Services (such as customer support, content moderation, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, identity verification, fraud detection, payment processing, and database management).Advertising partners. We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. How you share your personal informationOther Instagram users: App Users may choose to post their responses to messages they receive through the Services to their Instagram accounts. Correction of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date. Deletion of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful purposes. California residents can empower an authorized agent to submit requests on their behalf. In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. We currently do not respond to Do Not Track or similar signals. Childrens privacyOur Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. In certain cases, this age may be higher than 13 due to local regulatory requirements. We may transfer your personal information to our affiliates and service providers in the United States and other jurisdictions. In these instances we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for your personal information and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of your personal information. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.