Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Nexus, doing business as Hi,Waifu ("Hi,Waifu",
"we", "us", "our"). Will your information be shared with anyone? Controls for do-not-track features
Do California residents have specific privacy rights? We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express
an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in
activities on the Services (such as by posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions,
contests or giveaways) or otherwise when you contact us. The personal information we collect
may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device
information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the
date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take
such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports
(sometimes called 'crash dumps') and hardware settings). For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect
geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile
device, including your mobile device's social media accounts, and other features. If you are using
our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device,
your mobile devices operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
devices unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed. In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business
interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your
consent. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our
Services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention). To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do
so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or
legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). We may share your data
with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our
behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing,
data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. In Short: We only share information with the following third parties. In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and
store your information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies
is set out in our Cookie Notice. In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social
media account, we may have access to certain information about you. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or
that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. To otherwise opt-out,
you may:
Contact us using the contact information provided. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing
and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific
rights regarding access to your personal information. You may contact us by email at [emailprotected], or by referring to the
contact details at the bottom of this document. If you ask us to delete your personal information,
we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by
law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our
compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to protect
against illegal activities. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already
maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your
identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. Other privacy rights
you may object to the processing of your personal data
you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to
restrict the processing of the data
you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We will respond to your request within 30 days.