Download the appHomeCommunityBlogPrivacy Statement for JAUMO Online OffersPrivacy StatementTerms and ConditionsImprintData protection declaration for Jaumo (and related apps) online offers In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail.1. This includes the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of the Internet service provider, the IP address of the computer used, the website from which you visit us, the pages you visit on our site and the date and duration of your visit. 1 letter b GDPR serves as the legal basis. Insofar as the processing of personal data is required to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires,unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract.5. Collection and processing of personal dataWe only collect personal data if you provide it to us voluntarily, for example if you register with us or contact us. Any further use of your data, for example for further services or advertising purposes, will only take place if you have given your express prior consent. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future. ContactYou have the possibility to contact us with questions, wishes and suggestions. In this case, the information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing your contact. To exercise your right of revocation, please contact the office named at the end of this declaration.7. Please note that e-mail attachments are not encrypted when sending application documents. Processing of your personal data by contracted service providers takes place within the scope of order processing in accordance with Art. By setting cookies, anonymous user IDs are assigned to users, but under no circumstances are programs executed on the users computer or computer viruses transmitted.9.2 By setting his Internet browser program, the user can freely decide whether he generally accepts cookies, whether he wants to be informed when a cookie is set or whether he wants to reject all cookies. JAUMO points out that the use of JAUMOs services is not possible or only possible to a limited extent if cookies are rejected.9.3 JAUMO uses session cookies to authenticate the user during a session and to compensate for the load on JAUMOs server capacity. Please also note the following information on the use of Google Analytics:Google Analytics uses cookies which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. However, by activating IP anonymization on this website, Google will previously reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again. Social NetworksSocial plugins of the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Instagram are integrated on our website. Please refer to the data protection regulations of the respective networks for information on the handling of your personal data when using these websites.12. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. If personal data are processed by you, you are affected in the sense of GDPR and you have the following rights against the person responsible:Right to information under Article 15 GDPRYou can ask us to confirm whether personal data concerning you will be processed by us. We will inform you before the restriction is lifted. Right to cancellationIf one of the reasons in Article 17 para. They also have the right to be informed of the recipients. 1 lit.a GDPR are met, or to obtain that your personal data are transmitted directly by us to another person responsible, provided that this is technically feasible and no freedoms and rights of other persons are impaired thereby. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation. Changes will be announced on this page in due time. Data protection officerWe are also at your disposal in case of requests for information, applications or complaints:LETTER: Data Protection Officer c/o Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Strae 4, 73033 Gppingen, GermanyFAX: +49 7161 304880-1E-MAIL: privacy@jaumo.comContact details of the person responsible:Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Str.