TERMS OF USELast updated September 06, 2022TABLE OF CONTENTS1. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES23. We are registered in Hong Kong and have our registered office at __________, __________ 000000. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. Provided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are
granted a limited license to access and use the Site and to download or print a
copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access
solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person. Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct. Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content. Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (gifs), 11 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as spyware or passive collection mechanisms or pcms).Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site. Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses. Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use. Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions. We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. By granting us access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand that (1) we may access, make available, and store (if applicable) any content that you have provided to and stored in your Third-Party Account (the Social Network Content) so that it is available on and through the Site via your account, including without limitation any friend lists and (2) we may submit to and receive from your Third-Party Account additional information to the extent you are notified when you link your account with the Third-Party Account. You can deactivate the connection between the Site and your Third-Party Account by contacting us using the contact information below or through your account settings (if applicable). We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. In
addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to
take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil,
criminal, and injunctive redress.14.MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONSWe reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. We cannot guarantee
the Site will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software,
or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting
in interruptions, delays, or errors. The number of arbitrators shall be three (3). The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be Hong Kong, Hong Kong. The language of the proceedings shall be English or Chinese. Exceptions to ArbitrationThe Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.17.CORRECTIONSThere may be
information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or
omissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other
information. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE,
OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A
THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE
APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A
PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU
AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.21.USER DATAWe will maintain
certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the
performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups
of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that
relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site.