KISMIA
IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
In order to use the Service, we may ask you to enter your email, name, date of birth, gender, location (city
and country), marital status, weight, height, add your photo and answer several questions about your habits,
hobbies, professional activity, education. We will also automatically collect from your device language
settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet
service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, Facebook ID, and other unique identifiers (such as IDFA and
AAID). EEA EEA includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Free Trade
Association. Process, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others. SEE MORE
Data you give us
If you decide to make a purchase on the Website or when you register for and/or use the
Service, we will ask you to provide us information about yourself, for example, your
photo, email address, name, date of birth (age), gender, city, country, weight and
height. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent
cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to
make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on
your hard drive for an extended period of time. We may also use the information provided
by you during the quiz on relationship and lifestyle to make the most suitable offer to
you. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you need to change the settings on
your device. To communicate with you we also use Firebase Cloud Messaging and Firebase
Notifications, which is message sending service provided by Google. We may use Apple Push Notification service (APNs), that is a
notifications service
provided by Apple. Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research
and analyze your use of the Service. If you do not want to receive marketing emails
from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions in the footer of the marketing
emails. You can usually find these settings
in the options or preferences menu of your browser. SEE MORE
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you
know
what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to
control your ad preferences. We use Facebook Ads Manager together with Facebook Custom Audience,
which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other
Facebooks products (for example, Instagram). Google allows its users to
opt out of Googles
personalized
ads and to prevent
their
data from being used by Google
Analytics. If you do not want to receive interest-based ads from Taboola,
you
can
Opt-Out. For this purpose, we use
third-party services for payment processing (for example, payment processors). To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law
enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means. You can disable notifications any time in the settings of your device. to research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our
Service so that we understand users preferences and are able to provide you
with a better experience (for example, to make the use of the Service easier and
more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features). WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate,
customize, support, and market our Service. You may request a copy
of, as
well as updating and correcting your personal data collected during your use of the Service at
[emailprotected]. To exercise
any of your privacy rights, please send a request to [emailprotected]. If we decide to make material changes to
this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by available means such as email and will have an
opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. We collect this information for the purposes described in Section 3. HOW DO NOT TRACK REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
Various browsers (including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari) offer a DNT option that
relies on a technology known as a DNT header that sends a signal to websites visited by the
browser user about the user's DNT preference.