Bu Dkmann Trkesi in Tklaynz
Website: https://whoapp.live/
Community Guidelines: https://whoapp.live/safety/
Terms Of Use: https://whoapp.live/terms/
document
Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy of Media Social LLC and Who and its various & next versions including Who web version, Who go (collectively hereinafter, Who, us, we, or our) and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use which can be found at https://whoapp.live/terms/ In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our products and services as the Service. Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your address book on the devices you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook ID, but not notes or other personal information in your address book) and we will store it on our servers and use it to help you use the Service, for example, by synchronizing your Who contacts between different devices you may want to use with the Service. However we may not be able to offer some of the features that require this information. Who is not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share. You can change sharing option of 3rd party on the Who settings. If you do not agree with all the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. To complete a commerce transaction on Who item shop, you will be requested to provide your payment information, including your credit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Who does not process or store your payment information. We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your contents. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app receives. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest. With this feature, Who can be protected from exhibitionism. If you remove information and contents(eg. In addition, if you register with Who using your Facebook account (e.g. Facebook Connect), we may store your Facebook ID and corresponding token on our servers and, if you give us your express consent, we will have access to and may collect certain information that you make available on Facebook (for example, your first and last names, email address, profile picture, your friend lists and birthdays). In addition, unless you opt-out (which you may do at any time in the Who application), your Profile is discoverable by other Who users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will include your proximity to other users. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely. You can remove your data anytime you want. Any personally identifiable information that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the Who application with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. and Who may have contracts with third parties to provide products and/or services in connection with the Service. Outbound Links
If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service or a Who website, such third party may also collect information about you. You may opt-out by following instructions in the message sent by Who or its service providers on how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. In addition, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, Media Social LLC and Who reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country. Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of eighteen as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website, or as required by law. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Date
This privacy policy was posted on June 29, 2017.