HappyChat's Privacy PolicyDate of Last Revision: April 24th, 2023Welcome to HappyChat (the Platform,HappyChat, we or us). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. The full legal bitWe know that other peoples use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users, so we have developed this privacy policy (the "Policy") to let you know how we use personal information (personal data or personal information).Our Policy applies to your use of the HappyChat app on Google Play (HappyChat or the site which includes the mobile apps). We suggest you read it in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use (the Terms). By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. We use your information to, among other things, improve and develop the Platform and ensure your safety.3. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only as long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or where we are subject to a legal obligation to retain the data. We will also retain your data if we believe it is or will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. ChangeWe will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the Last Updated date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. Information we collect automaticallyOnce you have created a Profile, you may choose to edit your gender, birthday and other information. All such information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. Service Providers and Business PartnersWe share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, email deployment, advertising, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing. In particular, in relation to targeted advertising, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our app. So we may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of HappyChat, the Platform, our affiliates, users. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit. If you want to stop using your account it will be initially deactivated. This means that no user will be able to obtain your information. We may delete these information from our servers within the period permitted by the law on a periodic basis. To prevent abuse and/or misuse of HappyChat by a user following termination or deletion of a profile/account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that user does not open a new account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. SecurityHow does HappyChat protect your personal information?HappyChat has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. ChildrenThe Platform otherwise is not directed to children under the age of 18. But we recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to consider carefully about the disclosed information of other users. Moreover, please be careful to post sensitive details about yourself on your Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. And you will at your own risk to do this, if you post anything which is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to disable your account.