Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This is Privacy Policy of Camsea. This Privacy Policy covers Camsea's treatment of Personal Information that we collect while you are using the Platform and the Services. - How you communicate with other Camsea users, such as their names, the
time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which
friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you
open a message or capture a screenshot). We allow you to share text messages, photos, screenshots,
videos, and other forms of communication on our services with other users, and if you choose to do so,
your text messages, photos, screenshots, videos, and other communications may be stored on our
servers. - User content e.g. photos, screenshots, comments, and other materials that you create on the Platform, may also be collected. Like most
online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web
beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity,
browser, and device. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the
settings on your browser or device. To learn more about how third parties use these
technologies on our services, be sure to read the Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by
Others section of our privacy policy. That information includes, among other things:
- Details about how youve used
our services. But we do a lot more as well, such as:
- Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products
and services. We may share the following information with other
users
- Information about you, such as your username and name;
- Information about how you have interacted with the services, such as
the names of users you are friends with, and other information that will help users understand your
connections with others using the services. For
example, when you let us access your device phonebook, we may share information about you with other
users who have your phone number in their device phonebook;
- With all users and the general public. We may share information about
you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
- Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable
law, rule, or regulation;
- Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Services
violations;
- Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others;
or detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. - In the aggregate or after de-identification. If you do not agree with all of the terms of this Privacy
Policy, please do not use our service. By going to
those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you
may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your
information. How Long We Keep Your Content
Finallyand this is importantyou should understand that users who see the content you provide
can always save it using any number of techniques: screenshots, in-Platform functionality, or any other
image-capture technology. And we may also
retain certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. You can
remove your data anytime you want. Account deletion can be accessed within the Platform. If you
ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our
servers, subject to any applicable legal or otherrequirements to maintain certain records of your
personally identifiable data. What youre doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is
moving
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users, including Family Device IDs. Session cookies are essential to distinguish between the
connected users. Like other providers of online services, we use cookies to provide,
secure,
and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our
website, measuring the success of our marketing campaigns, and personalizing and tailoring ads to your
interests. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may make using our services a less
satisfying experience as they may not be as personalized to you. In some cases, you may even find yourself
unable to use all or part of our services. Children
Our services are not intended forand we dont direct them toanyone under 18. Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time.