Privacy
Policy
Published on:
2022.05.18
Thank you for using Hobiton
(the"Software","App"or"Service")! This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party
software or service. If you have any questions or
concerns, please contact us through the email displayed below. 1.Information we collect from you
There are two general categories of
information we will process:
1) when you use or access the
Software and the Service, some information about you may be
automatically collected as follows:
- We may collect the technical
information from your browser or device when you visit our
Service. l We may collect certain
usage-related information regarding your use and interaction with your
device, including the Software and Services, such as when and how you use the Software and Services, how
frequently you use them. If you choose to
share some photos or other materials of the Software to an
app operated by a third party, we will access your application list to verify whether such app exists. We may collect
certain information( such as purchase items, payment time or order
status) about your orders and payment records for purchasing virtual coins or other paid services
offered by us. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple or
Google). For safety and to
ensure you have a better user experience, we will need you to
verify your Account and ask for your phone number. We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also
want to avoid fake accounts being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime. In order to use other features, such as set avatars, send pictures to other users,
you may voluntarily grant us permission to access the camera or photo album to obtain photos in your
mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera microphone or
photo album. When your Account is
deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the App. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. 4.Disclosure of Your Information
We will not disclose your personal
information, except in the limited circumstances described
here:
- Your Consent  Where you
voluntarily do upload and choose to provide your personal information
on your profile when you create an Account, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your
information and making this public to other users. - Service Providers - We engage
certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide
services to us. - Required by law- If we are required
by law to disclose your information, we may share your
information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required
(e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to
claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights,
property, or personal safety of the other users,our partners, or the general public). We
and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or
our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders
and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. 2) Where you are located in the EEA,
as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express
consent to transfer your data to where maybe outside of EEA once you use the Service. You may withdraw
your consent at any time. 6.How long will we maintain your
personal information? 7.Third Party Websites or App
There are a number of places on our
Services where you may click on a link to access other
websites or apps that do not operate by us. We are not
responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use
or inability to use such third-party websites or apps. We recommend that you consult the
privacy statements of all third-party websites or apps you visit. However, no system can be complete
security. In
order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below. 10.User Age Restriction
Although we want as many people as
possible to enjoy the Service, you have to be at least 18
years old or reach the statutory minimum age according to the law and regulation in your country, in
order to use the App. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will
post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check
and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time.