SoulChill Privacy PolicyEffective Date: April 6th , 2022SoulChill, the website and online and/or mobile service of SpaceCape Techonology Pte. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, protect and share information about you that we obtain when you access and use our App (defined below), including when you register for an account, post a question, request customer support or submit questions or feedback. This Privacy Policy also is intended to explain the conditions under which SpaceCape uses and discloses that information, and your rights in relation to that information. Personally Identifiable InformationSome of the information we collect through your use of our App or communications with us may personally identify you (Personally Identifiable Information). The types of Personally Identifiable Information you may submit in connection with use of the App include:Snapchat display name;Snapchat Bitmoji avatar;geographic location. We will not ask for or request sensitive information such as government identifiers, medical information, or financial information. We do not permit these third parties to use any Personally Identifiable Information we share for any purpose other than (i) as described in this Privacy Policy, and (ii) to comply with their own legal requirements. The information obtained is only used for this purpose. COOKIES AND BEACONSWe may use cookies, beacons and similar technologies, now or in the future, to support the functionality of our App. Our service providers may use cookies and beacons to collect and share Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your activities both on our App and on other websites. If you wish to minimize these third-party collections, and you can adjust the settings of your browsers or install plug-ins and add-ins. A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from browser cookies and we do not associate browser cookies with your Personally Identifiable Information. You may use the tools available on your computer or other device to set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being set. The cookies do not identify you as an individual or track your online behavior. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. Our App and e-mails may contain small electronic files known as beacons (also referred to as web beacons, clear GIFs, pixel tags and single-pixel GIFs) that permit us to, for example, count Users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other website-related statistics. Please note that we cannot control how third party websites or online services you visit through our App respond to Do Not Track signals. Text AlertsYou may have the opportunity to receive certain information, updates and/or offers from us via text communications. Updating or Deleting InformationThe accuracy of the information we have about you is very important. Unfortunately, no system can guarantee complete security of your information. If we discover that we have collected any Personally Identifiable Information from a child under the age of 12, we will suspend the associated account and remove that information from our database as soon as possible. This Privacy Policy applies to SpaceCape and our App only. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the policies or practices of any third parties. INTERPRETATIONYour use of our App may be governed by our Terms of Use located within the App, the supplemental terms that govern certain of the features, functionality, tools, content and promotions available on or through the App (the "Supplemental Terms"), and any and all policies and rules referenced herein or therein, posted on the App, or otherwise communicated to our Users (the "App Rules"). INTERNATIONAL JURISDICTIONSThe App is hosted in the Singapore and is subject to Singapore law. If you are accessing our App from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in Singapore, and by using our App, you consent to that transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any persons accessing our App from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including personal data collection, use and disclosure, different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the App in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. Any and all changes to this Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page and the effective date will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the App or communication with us after the updated Privacy Policy has been posted (or any other indication of your consent) will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.