LoginYour Free 3D Chat Community
Club Cooee works best with JavaScript enabled
HelpHelp CenterHelp CommunityDesign TemplatesVideosCode of ConductTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy
Club Cooee is an online 3D chat community where members use 3D avatars to meet new people, chat, create and have fun with their friends. Sign up 
Privacy Policy
Preliminary Note
The responsible handling of your data is one of the central values of our company. In addition, we now meet the requirements of the GDPR. The data comes from the following sources:
Information you submit to us that is mandatory for participation (name, gender, age, consent to the privacy policy and terms of service). Data which we receive from commissioned payment service providers (e.g. Apple, Google, credit card transfer, bank transfer and Premium SMS) when you purchase our virtual currency (payer information, amount, payment method, exchange rates, country of origin). We have no influence on the type and scope of data made available to us in this way. However, they are sufficient to identify the person concerned in the event of late payment, payment problems or payment fraud. Use of Data
We use your personal data to:
Create, update and delete your account. Make Club Cooee safe and secure (identification of malicious behavior, anti-spam measures, detection and verification of payment fraud, sanctioning, blocking and deletion of the user accounts concerned). You can deactivate these notifications by changing the notification settings on your device. Use your information to better understand and address other and new users (advertising measures to acquire new customers and market research). After you have given your consent, we may share information about you with the following three groups:
Group 1: Players, moderators, administrators, visitors and developers using the game itself (avatar, chats, parties, shops, social networking etc.), such as:
People with whom you share or communicate content within Club Cooee, i.e. other users and friends. You can block or allow this content according to your personal preferences for other users. In the event that a user reports misconduct, these employees receive a brief insight into a data record in order to understand the misconduct. Your data will be anonymized and statistically processed on the basis of sample distributions (IP addresses, location information, pixel events, cookies, login frequency, duration of stay on the platform, frequency of return, usage behavior, payment behavior, purchasing behavior, age and gender distribution). Cooperation partners to support sales measures (game portals etc.). We provide these partners with statistical and anonymous data on user groups in terms of age distribution, usage habits, gender distribution, etc. They are used to make your pictures and sounds available to other Club Cooee users for viewing or listening thus ensuring a low download latency (ping) at a high download speed. The data will be compiled in a readable format. You will then find a text file in your profile settings that you can download. You can ask us to completely delete your data at any time. You can revoke your consent to data processing or close your account at any time. A complete deletion of all associated data takes place after expiry of legal deadlines (e.g.: outstanding payments, dunning procedures) as well as earmarked deadlines to clarify any misuse of accounts, at the latest however after 6 months. Within this period you can have your user account restored. Please be aware that the provider may have access to the data stored on servers, which may include your data. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We will always inform you about any upcoming changes to our privacy policy. Legal Basis
Cooee will only collect, process and use your personal data for the purpose of implementing this contract (including billing), unless cooee GmbH is legally obliged to disclose the data or you have agreed to another use. Our data protection regulations are continuously updated and comply with the current requirements of the GDPR. This does not necessarily apply to third parties and companies with whom we cooperate  unless they operate in EU countries.