SocialChain
- Developer of Pi Network
Sign in
PRIVACY POLICYLast Updated: March 14, 2022 SocialChain, its parent, and affiliates (SocialChain)recognize that people who use Pi Network applications value their privacy. We may make full use of all information that is de-identified, aggregated, or otherwise not in personally identifiable form. We may combine data collected from third party sources. Information you give usInformation we collect from you includes:Contact and identity information, such as your name, phone number, email address, Facebook name, username; User-created content, such as your chat messages, comments, likes, thumb-ups/downs, arts and graphics in social applications including chats and forums; Network information regarding transactions, such as transactions you send or receive. We may use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can find more information about Google Analytics use of your personal data here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enInformation we will never collect. We will never ask you to share your private keys or wallet passphrases. We may also use your information to respond to your comments and questions regarding the Services, and to provide you and other users with general customer service. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. We may share information to protect the rights and property of ours, our agents, customers, and others. Professional Advisors and Service Providers. Please refer to the KYC App design for more details on how KYC validators access your information. If SocialChain gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes. We do not share any data with ad networks directly. This means that we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries whose local data-protection and privacy laws may offer fewer protections than those in your country of residence or from any country where you use or access the services. In addition, we retain personal information to comply with applicable law where required, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Use, and other actions permitted by law. However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed. However, because your consent to the sharing of information is necessary for our ability to verifying the identity of Pioneers so as to be compliant with regulatory requirements and the SocialChain policy that only real human beings can receive Pi, without your consent we cannot provide you with our service. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting of the new terms and/or upon implementation of the changes to the Site (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). CHILDRENOur services are not intended forand we dont direct them toanyone under 13. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Site or using our Services. Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA to the U.S. or countries not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be based on a data transfer mechanism recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection for personal information. In the spirit of transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Site. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Site or in emails to help us to deliver Cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Site are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below. You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of Cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. In addition, certain third party advertising your internet browsing.