Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Contact us
Privacy & Security
The website tubit.com (the Website), the application Tubit (the
App) and any related features (hereinafter, the Services,
Tubit, or We) value the privacy of all of our users. If you use our website, application
or services, we urge you to read this Privacy Policy and become
fully informed about how it affects your personal privacy. Types of personal data collected
We collect personal data when you use or register on Tubit. It
is possible to browse our website without registering, but you
must register to use certain features and services we offer. This email address will be linked to
your Tubit account and used to retrieve your Tubit account. During registration via Facebook
When you sign in to our Service using your Facebook account,
you permit Facebook to share your name, surname, email,
birthday, gender and profile picture with us. However, we
will still have the personal data we received when you first
set up your Tubit account using your Facebook or Apple ID (you
must delete your Tubit account entirely for us to no longer
have access to this data). Personal data you provide us when you use our services or
register for an account with us:
we collect data about you when you register an account,
create or change your profile, set preferences, register or
make purchases through the Services. This content includes any information about you that
you may have: photos, user-to-user communications, chats, or
feedback you provide or when you participate in any
interactive features, surveys, contests or promotions. We also collect information through your
device about your operating system, browser type, IP
address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers,
device model, manufacturer, User agent, platform, Software
Development Kit version, User ID, time stamp Developer Key,
application version, in-app events, and network status
(WiFi/3G), Login source, application use, if the profile is
linked to Apple/Google, crash data, and others information. We use your IP address, GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals
and/or country preference in order your location. For more information, please see the Cookies
Policy, which includes controlling or opting out of these
cookies and tracking technologies. Personal data we collect from the third party:
We receive information about you from service providers, which
include financial services vendors (provide data for
contesting transactions), marketing providers (give tags on
the company and advertising activity), third-party
communication applications (provide your public profile data
in their apps), third party social network or login service
(such as Google, Apple, Facebook). push messages from us within the app, even when you are
not currently using the app. These will either contain
messages that we send you as part of our Service, or they
may contain advertising information. Your personal data may be transferred if we are
involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose
your personal data if required to do so by law or in response
to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a
government agency), or it is necessary to detect, prevent and
address fraud and other illegal activity, to protect
ourselves, you and others, including as part of
investigations. Personal data collected within the European
Economic Area (EEA) may, for example, be transferred to
countries outside the EEA. We ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring
that valid legal mechanisms are in place. Age restriction
Children under 18 years of age are not allowed to use our
website, and our services are not targeted at children under
the age of 18. Retention time and deletion of personal data
Personal data is retained if you are a contract or consent
duration party. You may request the deletion of your account at any time
through the My profile > Delete > Yes, I understand,
lets proceed > Delete Account > Yes, delete. Following
such request with appropriate review by us, we will delete the
data that it is not required to retain for purposes of
regulatory, tax, insurance, litigation, or other legal
requirements. Data Subject rights
Under Data protection laws, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed: what personal data an organization
processes and why. Right of access: you can request a copy of your data. Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you
have the right to have it corrected. Security
Tubit has implemented appropriate security measures to protect
and prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorised access or
disclosure and alteration of the information under our
control, including your personal data. We use reasonable
security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your
personal information. Tubit will always fully cooperate with any regulatory
request. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to replace, modify or amend this Privacy
Policy at our own discretion.