CommunityTermsPrivacyContact usPrivacy PolicyI. Important introduction to our privacy policyThis Privacy Policy explains how Swipr Inc. (Swipr we, our, or us), the company that operates Swipr, collects, uses, shares, and stores your information when you use the Swipr website and/or the mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy (Services). When you use our Services, you are agreeing to our rules and policies, including this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and you consent to our collecting, processing and storing your information as described below. Information we get when you use our Services. Heres a little more detail on each of these categories. Information You Choose to Give UsWhen you interact with our Services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us. Keep in mind that the users you send messages and any other content to can always save that content or copy it outside the app. So, the same common sense that applies to the internet at large applies to Swipr as well: Dont send messages or share content that you wouldnt want someone to save or share. Also, Swipr provides various ways to create an account such as through phone number, Facebook, or Snapchat. If you sign-up with phone number, you are giving us your phone number information. If you sign-up with your Facebook account, we will receive certain information about you from Facebook such as name, profile picture, email, birthday, and interests. For example, we may collect information about:how you interact with our Services, such as which pages you view the most, how often you use our Services, etc.how you communicate with other users on Swipr, such as their names, the time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message).Content Information. We collect content you create on our Services and information about the content you create or provide, such as if the recipient has viewed the content and the metadata that is provided with the content. We collect information from and about the devices you use. Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services. We also collect log information when you use our website. Keeping your information private and secure is of our utmost importance. We will never try to trick you into giving us information nor will we abuse the information you give us. While we collect information to help you take full advantage of our product features, we understand if you feel uncomfortable giving us permission. If so, you are encouraged to deny giving us permission. You also have the ability to delete any information you have given us from our servers; for example, if you have given us permission to your Contacts, but no longer wish to have them stored in our servers, let us know at [emailprotected]. With our business partners, and the general public. We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations. With third parties as part of a merger or acquisition. Through these links, third-party integrations, and co-branded or third-party-branded services, you may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. Revisions to the privacy policyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.