Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 25, 2022
Locket is a mobile app and widget made by Locket Labs, Inc. that lets you share pictures with your friends, right on your Home Screen. Especially because Locket is designed to share intimate moments with your closest friends, we care deeply about keeping your data private and secure. Below, we outline what data we collect, how we use and share it, and your rights. This Account Data may also be used to respond to your messages. First and foremost, we never save your contacts and never send text messages to your friends without your explicit permission. When you add a friend on Locket, we first look up their phone number in our records to see if they already have an account. If they don't, we link their phone number and only their phone number (no name, no profile picture, nothing else) with your account. We do not automatically message your friends on your behalf. Instead, you have to send the message yourself. This information is then used to identify your friend throughout the app. Photos
We collect the photos you send on Locket together with the associated metadata such as the time the photo was taken. We do not collect any location metadata from your photos. When you send a new photo on Locket, it will be sent to all friends you have added on the app. The photo will also appear in your and your friends' histories. For example, if you added a photo to your Locket last week and add a new friend today, your new friend won't be able to see that photo you sent last week. We use this information to improve the app, create new features, and keep our systems secure. How We Share Data
We do not sell, rent, license, or lease your data to third parties. However, we may share it with the following third parties:
Service Providers  such as hosting services, customer support services, and analytics services. Professional Advisors  such as lawyers and accountants. Business Transaction Recipients  including counterparties and others assisting with a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, asset sale, or similar transaction involving our business. Legal and Safety  government authorities or regulators or other third parties where required by law or legal process or to protect Lockets, users, or other third parties rights and safety. Once you've sent a photo, it isn't possible to delete it from other user's phones, so be careful with what photos you choose to send. Think of sending a Locket like sending a text message  once it has been delivered, you cannot take it back. Data Retention
We keep your data until we dont need it for the purposes described in this policy and we have no legal obligation to keep it. Your Rights
We provide all users with the following rights:
Deactivate  you can deactivate your account so that you will not be able to send or receive new photos;
Access  you can download the data we have about you in an easy-to-use format;
Delete  you can request that we delete the data we have about you, but this right is not absolute. You can exercise these rights by emailing team@locketcamera.com and including the phone number linked to your account in your message. We will not treat you differently if you exercise any of these rights, but we may need additional information to verify your identity. Children
Locket is not intended for children and we do not believe we have collected any data from children. If we learn that we have collected data from children without proper consent, we will delete that data. Changes to this Policy
We may need to update this policy to account for changes in our business and applicable laws.