Skip to content
Messengerpro
The Messenger PrivacyPolicy
Kartik Manchanda
Uncategorized
August 20, 2020July 29, 2021
12 Minutes
The Messenger (us, we, or our) operates the website and the Messenger Pro mobile application (the Service).This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device). Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data). When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. The Messenger will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Childrens Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (Children). In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile SDKs. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.) You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. We once more invite you to check the respondents terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works. APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: admin@appytome.com
AdvertisementShare this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Published by Kartik Manchanda
View all posts by Kartik Manchanda
Published
August 20, 2020July 29, 2021
Post navigation
Previous Post Privacy Policy  MessengerLite
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email (required) (Address never made public)
Name (required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. (LogOut/
Change)
You are commenting using your Facebook account. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Messengerpro
Join 35 other followers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?