OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU  At Helo, your privacy is a top priority. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices! We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information. PRIVACY POLICY  Welcome to Helos Privacy Policy. This Policy applies to the products and services of Helo, and prior to using the products and services of Helo, you must read this Policy carefully and thoroughly understand this Policy, and use the relevant products or services upon confirming that you fully understand and agree to this Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to begin May 6, 2022. If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy  not this Privacy Policy  applies.2. To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information about other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request. Information collected when you use our services  When you use our services, we collect information about which features youve used, how youve used them, and the devices you use to access our services. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you arent using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES  We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels) to recognize you and/or your device(s). Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. Deleting Your InformationYou may request the deletion of your account at any time in your Helo settings, or by contacting us directly using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. Once your account is closed or deleted, you will no longer be able to access your message history, preferences, or other information related to your use of our services. However, please note that this may cause certain services to lose functionality.5. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples. Conduct research and analysis of users behavior to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users behavior)  Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users). For instance, as you go about using our service to build meaningful connections, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, to make it viewable to other users, and recommend other users to you.6. We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government/law enforcement investigation, or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person; and(iv) to promote the refund of your in-App Purchases. We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and the legal rights of our users, business partners, or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and(iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION  We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information. We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS  Sharing of information sometimes involves cross-border data transfers. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion, or object to its processing, please contact us here. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released. You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18.