Playhouse
Index
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Community Guidelines
Contact
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Playhouse! Last Updated: 05 30, 2023
Welcome to Playhouse! Playhouse is a social networking application. You can meet fun people from all over the world, enjoy unlimited chats, and make
new friends on this App. Community safety is our number one priority. We seek to explain to you in
this Privacy Policy what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OLD, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REGISTER OR USE THE APP OR THE SERVICES. Capitalized terms that are not
defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service. Information we collect from third parties
Heres a little more detail on each of these categories. When you
create a Playhouse account, we will ask you to provide a username, your date of birth and gender. Depending on the context of your interaction with the App upon or after registering, you may also
provide other optional information such as bio, profile picture, phone number, email, and/or other
social network information you allow us to access. This includes your interactions with content, like gift-sending or reporting. When making purchases, you will likely be required to enter billing
information, which may include name, billing address, credit card or other payment information, and billing
email. For example, if you
contact us by email or other means, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence and
will use these contact info and correspondence when we respond to you. 2) Information We Get When You Use Our App and/or
Services
When you use our App and/or Services, we collect information about which of
those services youve used and how youve used them, including but not limited to:
 Log and Usage Information. Currently we do not collect any geolocation information other than IP address. Information Collected by Cookies and
Similar Technologies. 3) Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use
our App and/or Services. How We Share Information
1) Information We May Share and Transfer
We may share information about you in the following ways:
 With Your Consent. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe
that disclosing the information is needed to comply with any valid legal process, government request, or
applicable law, rule, or regulation, to investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service
violations, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and
resolve any fraud or security concerns. In the Aggregate or after
De-identification. We are not responsible for how other individuals use the information
posted in this manner. By going to those links, using the third party integration, or using a
co-branded or third party-branded service, you may be providing information (including personal information)
directly to the third party, us, or both. We store the information we collect as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which we originally
collected it, as well as for the following purposes:
 to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries;
 to support subsequent customer service inquiries and to
provide, improve and develop the Service;
 to promote safety and security on the Service;
 to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business
purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with our legal obligations; and
 in
backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. We
process your personal information to improve and enforce our security measures, combat spam, malware,
malicious activities, or security risks, and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users
do not access your account with us. Of course, if you do
that, certain services may lose full functionality. When you delete your account,
your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that
account. Because your privacy is important to us, we
may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we move forward to process your
request. Sometimes, well let you know by revising the date at the top of the
Privacy Policy thats available on our website and mobile application. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices
with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@playhouse.cool.