App StoreDownloadGoogle PlayDownloadMenuPrivacy policyTerms & conditionsContent policyContact usInstagramApp StoreDownloadGoogle PlayDownloadBy clicking Accept, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Before accessing or using the Wizz Service, please ensure that you have read and understood how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information as described in this privacy policy. More details3.1 In addition to the recipients listed in Annex 1 and Annex 2, we may also share your personal information with the following (as required in accordance with the uses set out in Annexes 1 and 2):(a) Service providers and advisors: we may share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing mailing, email or chat services, fraud prevention, web hosting, messages and media, or providing analytic services. You can withdraw your consent at any time. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.4.3 We will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so. We use adequate security measures to protect them, and in case we need to transfer your data to other countries, we will put in place adequate measures with the same level of security. Please note that if Wizz does not sell the personal information of its users, we may share it with third parties such as analytics and advertising companies in order to improve and personalize your experience and adapt the content and ads of our services. Withdrawing your consent, will allow you to block the collection of data for these purposes and will de facto prevent the sharing of information non-mandatory for app safety or service providing, with our analytics and/or advertising partners.(b) Right of access. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person. To update data stored by Wizz, please see in your settings or email us.(e) Right to erasure. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Less detailsOur policy towards childrenDepending on your country, you must be at least 13 or older to access the Wizz Service. We share only your selfie with Yoti (Yoti USA Inc for US users and Yoti Limited for non-US users) who acts as a data processor for Wizz and only acts under our instructions and on our behalf. This face image might only be used to verify the users account and Wizz will never use the image for other purposes. When Yoti is unable to determine the age of a user accurately enough, a manual validation is carried out, through the service provider Hive (Castle Global, Inc.). 12 people are employed to monitor reported conversations or profiles. Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.11.3 This privacy policy was last modified in August 2022.Annex 1  Personal information we collectAll the personal information listed below can be encrypted and uploaded to our servers (Google Cloud and Amazon Web Services) or our databases (MongoDB, Mixpanel).Information we collect:Phone number - We may use this information to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Wizz Service. The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract. The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely developing and improving the Wizz Service or certain features of the Wizz Service. Address your questions, issues and concerns, develop new products and features available through the Wizz Service or otherwise improve the Wizz Service. Recommend content and other features available through the Wizz Service. We may use all the personal information we collect to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Wizz Service, to ensure safe use of the app, to communicate with you, to monitor and improve the Wizz Service and business, and to help us develop new products and services. Annex 2  Personal information collected automatically - AnalyticsSection 1 - Personal Information Collected Automatically for Analytics Purpose1.1. List of personal information collected automatically:Approximate location information. Other than information you choose to provide to us, we do not collect information about your precise location. Your devices IP address may however help us determine an approximate location. Information about how you access and use the Service. For example, how frequently you access the Wizz Service, the time you access the Wizz Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Wizz Service from, whether you access the Wizz Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Wizz Service. Log files and information about your device. This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers (such as your Google Advertising ID or Apple ID For Advertisers), operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Wizz Service through the device, your mobile network).