Video Downloader for Instagram - Privacy Policy
Last Update: Feb 28th, 2022
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "Policy") applies to Users (hereinafter referred to as "You" or "Users") of Video Downloader for Instagram (hereinafter referred to as "Application"). 2.2 Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. 2.4 Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. 2.6 Any use of Cookies  or of other tracking tools  by this Application or by us of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present Policy and in the Cookie Policy, if available. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which We are subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. Furthermore, We may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
5.1 Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. AdMob (Google LLC)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy (https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites). Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available. 5.3 Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored. You have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data. 9.2 Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request. 10.2 The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to "The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018", and, for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in this privacy policy. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service. 10.10 Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If youd like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in regard to all the sales carried out by this Application, both online and offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact details provided in this Policy. We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data within this Policy), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage. 10.14How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this Policy. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months. We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this Policy. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests.