Get the App
Privacy PolicyLast revised on 01/07/2021
1. WHO WE ARE
If you live in the European Union, the company that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the data controller) is:
Mobile Investment GmbH
c/o WeWork
Friesenplatz 4
50672 Cologne
Germany
2. To make it extra clear, weve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services. Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features youve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring web page address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges). You may read our Cookie Policy for more information on why we use them (such as authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, allowing you to use social features) and how you can better control their use, through your browser settings and other tools. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a Do Not Track (DNT) feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples. To administer your account and provide our services to you
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing
To help you connect with other users
Analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections
Show users profiles to one another
To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. Consent:
From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others. Other users will be able to view information you have provided to us, such as the photos you upload, your name, your age, approximate number of miles away, your personal description, and information you have in common with the person viewing your profile. With our service providers and partners We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations. We may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are, such as device information, general demographics, general behavioral data, geolocation in de-identified form), as well as personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, under any of the above circumstances. We may also share this information with third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission or other suitable safeguard to permit data transfers from the EEA to other countries. YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:
Access tools in the services. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality. You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly in the settings of the services. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us at [emailprotected]. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. CHILDRENS PRIVACY
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older.