Omega Privacy Policy
Omega is a video chat mobile application. If you do not want us to store this information, you may opt-out through your account settings or notify us via email. It includes creating or uploading different kinds of content to the Platform, including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and other content (collectively, User Contributed Content), and the metadata that is provided with the content. -How you communicate with other Omega users, such as their names, the time and date of your communications, the number of messages you exchange with your friends, which friends you exchange messages with the most, and your interactions with messages (such as when you open a message or capture a screenshot). We allow you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other forms of communication on our service with other users, and if you choose to do so your text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications may be stored on our servers. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of the information you share. -Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies. That information includes, among other things:
-Details about how youve used our services. -Pages you visited before or after navigating to our website. The functionality cookies used by the site are strictly necessary for the use of the site; in
particular, they are linked to an express request of functionality by the user, for which no consent is required. Like other providers of online services, we use cookies to provide, secure, and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our website, measuring the success of our marketing campaigns, and personalizing and tailoring ads to your interests. When you use our services, some or all of the following cookies may be set on your device. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our services. Browser and devices controls
Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You can check the specific steps in your particular browser help menu. Please note that this data is perfectly compatible with our Server Load Balancer (CLB), Tencent Tencent ApsaraDB for MySQL (MySQL), Tencent Tencent TencentDB for MongoDB (MongoDB), Tencent Cloud TencentDB for Redis (Redis), Message Queuing CKafka (CKafka), and Cloud Object Storage (COS) features. Information youve shared with us through device settings, like GPS location, camera access, photos and related metadata Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address. It uses Crashlytics Installation UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and minidump data to process NDK crashes. Firebase installation IDs
IP addresses
Performance Monitoring uses Firebase installation IDs to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources, to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. Additionally, it uses IP addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. User Content
 Voice Data
When you use our real-time voice engagement services. We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or operated by us, or any other third-party sources, and combine that with the information we collect through our services. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
-Comply with any valid legal process, government request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;
-Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations;
-Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. By going to those links, using the third-party integration, or using a co-branded or third-party-branded service, you may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You can stop receiving promotional emails by unsubscribing from emails and messages any time. -Restriction on Processing:You have the right to object to and ask for restrictions on the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. Omega shall no longer process the personal information unless Omega demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
We may let other companies use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies on the services. If we do so in the future, we will provide information about that practice in an updated version of this privacy policy. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, subject to any applicable legal or otherrequirement to maintain certain records of your personally identifiable data. If you are under the age of 18, you may NOT use the Service, with or without the approval of a parent or guardian.