Iconic Hearts, IncPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: March 1, 2023This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes the data privacy practices of Iconic Hearts Holdings, Inc. (collectively, Iconic Hearts, we, us, or our), with respect to the services including our website at www.getsendit.com (the Site) and the mobile applications made available by Iconic Hearts, including Sendit, Push It, and Locksmith (collectively, the Services). This Privacy Policy will explain the types of personal information that we collect, the uses we make of that information, and how you can correct or request deletion of any personal identifying information you choose to give us. We collect and use personal information from and about youIconic Hearts (and any vendors we hire to perform business functions on our behalf) may collect, receive, and develop several categories of personal information:We collect Contact Information: We may collect your name, email address, mailing address, social network details, and phone number. We collect Demographic Information: We may collect demographic information such as your gender. We collect Internet and Network Activity Information: We collect information about your use of the Services, such as frequency of use, engagement with particular features, and which sections of the Site are visited most. We use personal information to provide you with customer support anytime you reach out to us with questions about our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service, or issues arising from your account. We use information to improve our products and services. We may use each category of personal information as necessary to protect our company, our customers, and our business partners. The verification steps and the pieces of personal information that we request may vary depending on the sensitivity and nature of your request. We get personal information from vendors we hire to work on our behalf. We may share information about you, such as your account username, display name, avatar image, and links to your other social media accounts if you provide them to us, to other users of our Services in connection with the messages, user profile, or other content you post through our Services, and to make friend suggestions. You may select to share or make personal information available to social media platforms and third parties you interact with on the Services. We may also share this personal information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We may also share your personal information if there is a similar change to our corporate structure. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. This category of cookies cannot be disabled. To see and overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to Google Analytics, visit  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Advertising or targeting cookies. Our third party advertising partners may use the cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other websites. However, if you use your browser settings to disable all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the site. You will need to do this separately within your browser. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a Shine the Light inquiry. Right to be free from discrimination  You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing your authorized agents request. You may exercise the above rights by emailing us at [emailprotected].Our Site and Services are not intended for children under 13We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. We are not responsible for these third party websites or their policies. SecurityWhile we take reasonable steps to protect your personal identifying information, nothing on the internet is 100% secure. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates. CompanyAboutTermsPrivacy 2023 iconic hearts, inc.