Privacy PolicyFamily Locator, Inc ("Family Locator", "we", "our", or "us") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services. You will be notified of such a collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. Permissions can be managed through your Settings menu on both Android and iOS devices.1. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATIONYour Account Information. If you dont provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. We collect your location information through your IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) available through your mobile device. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your location data, please adjust your settings in your mobile device to limit the apps access to your location data. We do not retain your location data in the course of providing the service to you. If you decided to share your location with one of your family members then your location data are deleted from the server once they are delivered, if your location data cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on the server for up to 30 minutes only. We collect, and may use sensory and motion data from your smartphone or mobile device, including information from the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth, in order to calculate and detect driving events, Walking and Sitting. We collectmotion data to provide you the features and functionality of the Service. If the motion data is still undelivered after 30 minutes, It will be automatically deleted. Contacts Data: We collect and may use phone book dataonly to display your friends/family member names instead of just phone numbers in case you chose to use the any feature that require to connect with a family member or other devices. Your contacts data is not shared with any third party. When you use our mobile app, we and our business partners may automatically collect certain information about your device through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, tracking technologies), and we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe share your personal information, including precise location and driving event data, with the contacts you only chose to share your location information with them. We may share your personal information, including your precise location data, unique identifiers or AD IDs and other data with our partners, such as AdMob, for their marketing and business purposes, including without limitation, to inform and improve tailored advertising, attribution, analytics or research purposes. These third party partners may use this information according to their own privacy policies. If you wish to close your account, and/or request to delete your personal information, please contact us at devteam@onelocator.com. Instead, your location, motion and contact data are stored on your own device and not stored on the server. from your device to provide the Family Locator Services, and may share your location and movement data, only with other family locator users if you chose to share your location to specific contact. If you turn off location sharing in one or more of your contacts, we will not share your location with such Contacts. Also you can stop sharing your location to all contacts using the Stop Tracking option form the persistent notification this will also stop processing contacts dataDisconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings. For example, depending on your mobile device, you may be able to Turn location services off, which restricts access to your device location data. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of the use of your personal information to inform and display targeted advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiatives online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and/or the DAAs resources at aboutads.info/choices. You may also manage certain advertising cookies by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices at www.youronlinechoices.eu. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.