Start
About Chat
Why OmeTV
FAQ
Rules
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our service users. How we use your personal data
We may process information included in your personal profile on our service ("profile
data"). The profile data may include your name, age, information you authorize us to
collect from your social profiles, email address and profile picture. We do not seek to obtain or require access to any
further of your personal data stored on the Facebook platform besides these pieces of
data. This
usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of our service. The customer
relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with
customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and
promoting our products and services to customers. We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our
email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The
correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and
record-keeping. We need this kind of
data for the proper administration of our service. The message data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such transfer and
administering our service. The ban data may include different elements of usage
data and client data necessary to block the user from using our service for a determined
period, but also an image of the video frame obtained from a users video source. This
image can be collected along with a complaint from another user (interlocutor) or when
inappropriate behavior is detected by our system based on behavioral factors (how often
interlocutors break off the connection, average duration of chat sessions, dubious
message patterns, etc.). We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or
in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. We will share
transaction data with our payment service providers only to the extent necessary for the
purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with
complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. Users of our service are located in multiple countries, including the European Economic
Area. We store none outgoing or
incoming messages, and these data cannot be retrieved or restored. How we protect your personal data
We employ proper technical and physical measures to protect the personal data of our
users from loss, destruction, change, unauthorized access, disclosure, or any other
illegal forms of processing. Only authorized personnel have access to user data. Childrens online privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. If you are
under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access our service at any time or in
any manner. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please
contact us as provided below. Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and
as you navigate our website;
(b) analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our
website and services;
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when
you visit our website. We use Facebook Like Button widget to share the information about our service on
Facebook. When visiting our website containing such a widget, your browser will
establish a direct link with the servers operated by Facebook; as a result the content
of the widget will be transferred to your browser and embedded in the website being
shown. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Facebook user account,
information concerning your visit will be transferred to Facebook. Please refer to
Facebooks privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
) for more information on: the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis
undertaken by Facebook, your rights, how to modify settings and how to protect your
privacy. You can view the privacy policy of Twitter provider at https://twitter.com/ru/privacy. Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. When you navigate to any third party website, any personal data that you provide is
managed exclusively by the privacy policy of that particular website and we do not
assume any responsibility for the data you decide to provide. Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our
website.