EnglishBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDeutschEspaolFranaisItalianoNederlandsOzbekPolskiPortugus (Brasil)Trke Twitter
Home
FAQ
Apps
API
Protocol
Telegram Privacy Policy
1. EEA Representative
If you live in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), the Services are provided by Telegram, which for the purposes of applicable data protection legislation is the data controller responsible for your personal data when you use our Services. To make it easier for your contacts and other people to reach you and recognize who you are, the screen name you choose, your profile pictures, and your username (should you choose to set one) on Telegram are always public. We don't want to know your real name, gender, age or what you like. In this case, we will receive an email address which will be stored separately from the recovery email, and will only be used to send you authentication codes when you log in to your account. There is no way for us or anybody else without direct access to your device to learn what content is being sent in those messages. We also do not keep any logs for messages in secret chats, so after a short period of time we no longer know who or when you messaged via secret chats. Cookies
The only cookies we use are those to operate and provide our Services on the web. Your browser should allow you to control these cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. Before this data reaches our servers, it is encrypted with a key known only to you and the recipient. While Telegram servers will handle this end-to-end encrypted data to deliver it to the recipient  or store it in the case of Telegram Passport data, we have no ways of deciphering the actual information. We will process your data to deliver your cloud chat history, including messages, media and files, to any devices of your choosing without a need for you to use third-party backups or cloud storage. Spam and Abuse
To prevent phishing, spam and other kinds of abuse and violations of Telegrams Terms of Service, our moderators may check messages that were reported to them by their recipients. To do this, we calculate a rating that shows which people you message frequently. Bots are apps that look like special Telegram users: you can talk to them from your chat list, add them to groups or use a special inline interface to access their features. What Data Bots Receive
In any of the above cases, the developers of an automated user (bot) can get your public account data (see section 3.1 above): your screen name, username and profile picture(s). Although we work with payment providers they are completely independent from Telegram. We do not access and do not store your credit card information. We can store your shipping information for you if you choose to save it for future purchases. If you choose to remove your payment information, we will delete your stored shipping info and payment tokens from all providers and ask the payment providers to remove your credit card information that they store. Note that by entering into the Terms of Service and choosing to communicate with such other users of Telegram, you are instructing us to transfer your personal data, on your behalf, to those users in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Translation of Chats, Channels and specific Messages at the Request of the User
Users can choose to translate a specific text message into a different language by tapping Translate in the action menu of the message (to enable this option, a user should first turn on Translation services in the Settings > Languages section of the Telegram application). Since Telegram may rely on a third party, Google LLC, subsidiary of Alphabet Inc, for voice-to-text conversion, the audio data of voice and video messages that users choose to convert to text may be shared with Google in order to obtain their transcribed versions. You have a right to: (1) request a copy of all your personal data that we store and to transmit that copy to another data controller; (2) delete (see section 10 below) or amend your personal data; (3) restrict, or object to, the processing of your personal data; (4) correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold on you; and (5) lodge a complaint with national data protection authorities regarding our processing of your personal data. Data Settings
You can control how your data is used (e.g., delete synced contacts) in Settings > Privacy & Security > Data Settings (using one of our mobile apps). As soon as such a message is read (2 checks appear), the countdown starts. Account Self-Destruction
By default, if you stop using Telegram and do not come online for at least 6 months, your account will be deleted along with all messages, media, contacts and every other piece of data you store in the Telegram cloud. Please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy, a summary of which we will set out below. Deleting Messages with data on the new features in version 5.5, which allow both participants to remove any messages from one-on-one chats for both sides without a time limit. No Ads Based on User Data with information about sponsored messages in public channels.