Skip to main content
Status Saver
Search
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
March 11, 2020
Privacy Policy
Soft Apps built the Status Saver as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Soft Apps at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. Data collected by Status Saver
The service provides the possibility to recover chat messages (in text and multimedia format) in case they disappear for any reason, through a backup mechanism. Status Saver collects this data, which however is saved locally on your device. Status Saver does NOT share any data related to messaging with anyone. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. nourrdine@gmail.comReplyDeleteRepliesReplybeautiful worldSeptember 23, 2021 at 2:36AMVidmate ApkReplyDeleteRepliesReplyShaileshbhaiSeptember 24, 2021 at 4:23AMVery well written about Privacy Policy of Privacy Policy of Soft Apps. If you want videos of Privacy Policy of Soft Apps, please download vidmate. Along with 4G users, 2G and 3G users can also use this app. Because to use this app you do not necessarily have to have a personal data connection. Along with downloading short videos in this app, you can also download Hollywood, Bollywood movies, audios, games. Along with downloading fast audio videos, it also provides many more features that people like very much.