HomeTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicySocial MediaPrivacy PolicyLast Updated: December 22, 2022Juds (referred to as "Service", we, us, or our) is committed to safeguarding the personal information it collects when you use our website at https://judsapp.com/ (the Site), mobile applications (the Apps), and together, the Services. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data; in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum. If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use Juds. We process your email address, and we send transactional emails depending on specific actions once the email is confirmed. Profile Data: You can also choose to provide profile information like a photo, bio (status and info), name, location, interests, videos, or other data. If you log in to our Services via another third-party platform, we ask your permission to access certain information from that other account. b. Usage Data: We collect information about your activity on our Services, for instance, how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features youve been using, search preferences, clicks, and pages that have been shown to you, referring web page address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users, you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive, number of content you post). c. Other Data with your consent: With your consent, we may collect your photos and videos to upload on the Service (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video, or any type of content on the Services). We use these tools to analyze your use of the Services, including information like third-party websites you arrive from, how often you visit, events within the Service, usage and performance data, and more. In other words, it is not possible to draw conclusions about a specific person. Crash Detection Tools: We use Firebase (https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html) for crash detection. To administer your account and provide our Services to you
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our Services, including order management and billing
To help you connect with other users
Analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections
Show users profiles to one another
To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our Services on all of them. If any content, profile or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms of Service are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will be subject to a warning and the users access is to be restricted and/or blocked. Fraud prevention and anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity. This could include any personal data that Juds holds about you, depending on the nature of the request or the issue that we are dealing with, including all CCPA Categories listed above. Advertising identifier associated with your device (Device ID), estimated location (based on your IP address), purchase history, age, gender and data about your visit to our Sites or App and action taken on those (for example if you downloaded our App or created an account with our App), hashed email address (CCPA Categories B, C, G, F and K)
We partner with marketing service providers (Marketing Services Providers) to help us market and advertise our App and services on third-party websites and applications and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. When you delete your account or it is deactivated by us, we make sure it is no longer viewable on the App. An account is considered inactive when the Application of the Member has not established contact with servers, and the Member has not used the Application. Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific time frame due to technical constraints. Some of your data like photos may be in cache for 30 days since the CDN service is renewed every 30 days. We are not responsible for virus protection outside our service network. We will pursue every detected attack by hackers, etc. Your Rights
You have certain rights around the use of your data, including the ability to opt out of promotional emails, cookies, and the collection of your data by certain analytics providers. You can update or terminate your account from within our Services, and can also contact us for individual rights requests about your personal data. Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider. Here are a few key points to remember:
Reviewing your information: Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability, or variations of those terms). We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If we do delete a Profile because you violated our no children rule, we may retain basic account and profile information to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile. For European users, if your data is transferred internationally (outside of the EEA), we rely on standard contractual clauses and additional security measures in line with the relevant clauses in the GDPR and the relevant caselaw. If you are a California consumer, you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information (subject to certain exceptions), to opt-out of sales of personal information (we never sell user information, regardless of the country they are located in) and to receive equal service and price and not be discriminated against even if you exercise any of your CCPA rights.