HOME
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY(current)
CCPA
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 16, 2022
This is the Privacy Policy of Joi Video Chat App (Joi, us, we, "Service" or our) and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Service which can be found here. We respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you. Unless we link to a different policy or state otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use the Service. We also ask for some in-app permissions to access and enable some features you may want to use such as photos, videos, gallery, and audio. When you create or update your account, we collect and store the data you provide, like your email address, phone number, name, gender, and date of birth, and assign you a unique identifying number (Account Data). If you won a prize, we would collect the financial information to reward you. Usage Data: We collect information about your activity on our Services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features youve been using, search preferences, clicks, and pages which have been shown to you, referring web page address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users, you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive, number of content you post). Other information with your consent:
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device youre using, including GPS,
Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples. Crash Detection Tools:
We use Firebase for crash detection. The ads can be based on your recent activity or activity over time and across other services and may be personalized to your likes and interests. They are used for statistical purposes and are GDPR compliant. What We Use Your Data For
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our Services. Email Marketing: With your explicit consent, we may send you marketing emails. It may take a few days after the opt-out until you are removed from all audiences. How We Share Information
5.1 With Other Users:
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations. 5.3 When Required by Law:
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government/law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person. If an account or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms of Service are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will be subject to a warning and the users access restricted and/or blocked. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Deletion: You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service. You can request a copy of your personal information by sending us an email at [emailprotected]
Updating your information:
If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us via [emailprotected]
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests. Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. Uninstall: You can stop all information collected by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon the deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after 5 years of continuous inactivity. In any event, the Account of a Premium Member is not considered inactive. We are not responsible for virus protection outside our service network. We will pursue every detected attack by hackers, etc. If you are using the Services, you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your data. That data is also processed outside of Switzerland and the EEA by our Joi companies, or our service providers, including to process transactions, facilitate payments and provide support services as described in Sections 4 & 5.