Customer Service | Ralph Lauren
Sites-RalphLauren_US-Site
email-signup-modal-content
Be the First to Know
Discover new arrivals, exclusive offers, and much more
Enter valid email
SIGN UP
email-signup-modal-content-footer
Privacy Notice
Skip to main content
Free Fast Shipping & Returns With an RL Account:SignIn/CreateNow|Details
20221222-free-shipping-with-account-details
Enjoy free Fast shipping on orders made using a RalphLauren.com account. This offer is not valid on previously purchased merchandise, new arrivals, Collection merchandise, Double RL merchandise, Purple Label merchandise, Ralph Lauren luxury accessories and footwear, face masks, select customizable merchandise, Ralphs Coffee product and merchandise, select home merchandise, limited-edition collections, philanthropic merchandise, books, watches and fine jewelry, fragrance, eyewear, or gift cards. Actual delivery dates may vary depending on shipping locations. If you do not have an account, you can check your order status here by entering your order number, email address, and billing zip code. If an order is placed after these hours, it will be shipped via Next Day shipping, and will arrive on the next business day. Please note that shipping fees are applied for each address based on the method chosen. On the bottom of each gift wrapped box is a small sticker that contains a number corresponding to each item on your packing invoice. To return the original item(s), simply complete your return form and send your return by U.S. Postal Service using the prepaid label, or you may send it through the carrier of your choice. PayPal is used to securely send payments over the internet. To make a PayPal purchase, select PayPal during checkout on the RalphLauren.com website and choose your method of payment. If you do not find the information you need in the Help Center, PayPal Customer Service representatives are available to assist you. Additionally, if you are buying multiple items, the "Add a Gift Message" checkbox must be selected next to each product in the order to suppress all pricing on the receipt. If you have any additional questions, please contact Customer Assistance at 888-475-7674 or via our online chat service. We require all suppliers, factories, and contractors to adhere to our Operating Guidelines which set forth our business, legal, and ethical expectations and standards in the following areas: occupational health and safety, fair wages and benefits, work hours, transparent record-keeping practices, freedom of association, sub-contracting, customs compliance, product safety, conflicts of interest, anti-bribery, environmental sustainability, and prohibitions on child labor, forced labor, prison labor, discrimination, and harassment. Ralph Lauren, or its licensors or content providers, retain full and complete title to the material provided on the Site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this material to you under a license that is revocable at any time in Ralph Laurens sole discretion. You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your password. This Site and all of its content, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces, and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. If you think your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify our Legal Department, who can be reached at:
100 Metro Boulevard
Nutley, NJ 07110
Or by email at: RL-Legal@ralphlauren.com
In order for us to more effectively assist you, the notification must include ALL of the following:
1. If any material on this Site, or your use of the Site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the Site is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use the Site. Disputes
UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU MUST PROVIDE NOTICE TO
RALPH LAUREN, PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, OF ANY CLAIM WITHIN ONE YEAR OF ITS ACCRUAL OR YOUR
CLAIM SHALL BE WAIVED AND TIME-BARRED. A court shall have the authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations without first providing a fully complete Notice and participating in this informal dispute resolution process. If the parties cannot agree, the parties shall mutually petition a court of appropriate jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration organization that will administer a proceeding under these dispute resolution provisions as written. You will have been deemed to have accepted any changes by, among other things, your continued access or use of this Site following the posting of changes to these Terms of Use or other policies. To that end, we require all Suppliers to observe certain operational standards set forth herein (Standards) for a safe, sustainable, inclusive, and ethical workplace that embraces a fundamental effort toward continuous improvement. Suppliers will maintain policies, systems, processes, and training for grievance procedures and tracking to ensure a timely response to the employee that will also be subject to on-going review by RLC and third- party auditors. This Accessibility Policy and Multi-Year Accessibility Plan sets out Ralph Lauren policy on how we will achieve accessibility generally, as well as in employment, and information and communications. Accessibility Standards for Customer Service
In accordance with its customer service standard requirements under the IASR, Ralph Lauren is committed to providing exceptional customer service to all of its customers and clients. In accordance with the IASR, the Ralph Lauren will:
review, assess and, as necessary, modify existing policies, procedures and practices to ensure compliance with the IASR;
take the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities and, as applicable, their individualized accommodation plans, into account when:
assessing performance;
managing career development and advancement; and
redeployment is required. Please understand that some inquiries may take longer to address. We are also committed to giving people with disabilities the same opportunity to access our services and allowing them to benefit from the same services in the same place and in a similar way as other clients.