Privacy policy
Updated: April 25th 2023
1. General
You may visit DealDash.com at any time without registering. When you visit our
website, data is saved on our servers, as is the website that you visit us from,
the advertising you may have been referred by, the websites that you proceed to
from our site, the type of browser you use, and your IP address. As this is being done, no personal data is directly associated with you. However,
we do need some personal information from you if you want to actively participate
in DealDash.com or use our mobile applications. Once you have registered with DealDash.com, you are asked to choose a DealDash.com
user name together with a password, which then allows you to take advantage of
all of the DealDash.com services. When you register, personal data is recorded and processed by DealDash.com, as
well as when you use the service, for example:
when you purchase bids;
when you place bids, win an auction, or purchase through Buy It Now;
when you securely login. It may also include things like the
frequency and analysis of your auction participation and auctions you view online
but do not participate in. If we learn that we have information
about anyone under 13, we will promptly delete it. Newsletter
When you register with DealDash.com, you are added to receive the email newsletter. You may unsubscribe at anytime from the newsletter and other marketing communications
by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter emails. Sharing Personal Data to Third Parties
We will not share your personal information with third parties for that recipients
own purposes unless you have clearly consented to such sharing. We will share
your data with service providers who assist us with the site, marketing and our
operations, such as payment processing or post-purchase fulfillment. Once we are informed, we will adjust incorrect data accordingly. Privacy Rights of California Residents
California law requires that we provide you a summary of your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy
Act (the "Act") and the California Civil Code. The Act further requires us to allow
you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. For inquiries or requests, please contact us
by phone, email, or standard mail to the addresses below. DealDash
11670 Fountains Drive, Suite 200
Maple Grove, MN 55369
Email: [emailprotected]
Toll free phone: (855) 455-3325
When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personally identifiable information
your request is related to. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled
"California Customer Choice Notice." Revoking Consent/Deleting Your Account
To the extent required by applicable statutes, you can revoke your consent to our storage, collection and processing
of your personal data at any time. You can delete your data and deactivate your DealDash.com account at any time. To delete your account, email [emailprotected], or navigate to Settings > Delete account in the Android or iOS app. If you choose to close your account, all remaining bids will be destroyed. We would like to point out that turning off the ability of your browser to accept
cookies may result in limited functionality. By adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device or browser, you can manage how your mobile device and
mobile browser share information, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies and other tracking identifiers. You are responsible for protecting the secrecy of your log in details, and we assume
no liability for the abuse of login data and passwords used. While we take
reasonable steps to protect your personal data in our control, no system is foolproof. If we make a material change to this policy, we will highlight this to you. We have updated our privacy policy effective April 25th, 2023. We clarified how and why customer data is retained.