Please enjoy our special offers for you
MY BENEFITS
SPECIAL OFFERS
Samsung
Log In/Sign Up
Shop
Mobile
TV & Audio
Appliances
Computing
Displays
Accessories
SmartThings
Explore
Support
For Business
Search
Cart
Number of Products :
Log In
Sign in/Create Account
Why Create an Account? Track your orders
Business Account
Open My Menu
My Page
My Rewards
My Orders
Log Out
Hamburger
Your cart is empty. OK
Layer Popup Close
Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart. OK
Layer Popup Close
Remove a Product
Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Move to wish list
Delete
Layer Popup Close
Check Preferences
Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences. Search form
Close
Search Samsung.com
Cancel
Search
Suggested Searches
NO SUGGESTIONS
Search History
Clear All
Related Searches
Matched Contents
Galaxy Note
Galaxy Z Flip
Galaxy S
The Frame
QLED 8K
Galaxy A
Certified Re-Newed
Cancel
SAMSUNG PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE U.S.
Last Updated: December 30, 2022
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, Samsung), know how important privacy is to our customers. We also explain the choices available to you regarding our use of the information, the steps we take to safeguard the information, and how you how may
contact us
if you have any questions about our privacy practices. You
can review such information before enabling such Services. We also may obtain other information about you, your devices, and
your use of the Services, in ways we describe at the time we collect the
information or otherwise with your consent. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types
of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. The Services are not designed to respond to do not track signals
received from browsers. Please note that without cookies,
you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of our
Services. All of this data remains on the device and is not transmitted to Samsung, nor does Samsung obtain or access this data. Face-Clustering Data will remain on your device until you clear the cache in your system settings, you reset your device to its factory setting, or you delete the photos from your device. Because Samsung does not have access to this data, Samsung cannot delete it. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services, such as Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics. Samsung Ads
Our Samsung Ads service is designed to serve advertisements that are customized to users interests on Samsung and third-party platforms, devices, websites, and apps. Please see the Samsung Ads Privacy Notice
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/samsungads/ for more information, including information on how to opt out of receiving customized ads from Samsung Ads. The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Information Sharing
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates
and with service providers who perform services for us. We do not authorize
our service providers to use or disclose the information except as
necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal
requirements. Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features
The Services may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices,
apps, and other features, which may operate independently from us and may
have their own privacy notices or policies. Subject to applicable
law, you may have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is
technically feasible. How to Submit a Request: To submit an access, deletion or correction request, click here or
call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). In connection with the Services, we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. We will indicate at the top of the policy when it
was most recently updated. Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App
Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more! Get the app
Or continue shopping on Samsung.com
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U.S. investor relations information.