By interacting with JCPenney through our stores, websites, mobile applications, products, and services (Services), affiliates and partners, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this Privacy Notice. Information we collect and how we collect it
We collect and maintain personal information about you from many sources to understand and meet your needs, manage our business, and for other purposes disclosed to you. We rely on the following technologies to collect the information listed above, including cookies, web beacons, and mobile device geolocation to provide and improve our Services and advertising, including across browsers and devices (also known as cross-device linking). This automatically collected information may be combined with information that is personally identifiable in order to personalize our Services and advertising to your interests, including across browsers and devices. These cookies also help keep our Services safe and secure. Without these cookies, our Services may not be able to remember certain choices you've previously made or personalize your browsing experience by providing you with relevant information. Content / advertising cookies:These cookies gather information about your use of our Services, so we may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising. Some of these cookies are from third parties that collect information about users of our Services in order to provide advertising (on our Services and elsewhere) based on user online activities (so-called "interest-based advertising") on our Services and elsewhere online. Also, some third parties collect information about users of our Services in order to provide interest-based advertising (on our Services and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices, also known as cross-device linking). For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room, or social network) that can be read, collected, or used by us or others, and could be used to personalize your experience. Using information we collect
In addition to the information, we collect to offer, improve, and provide our products and Services, JCPenney may use personal information for administrative and analytical purposes such as information systems management, accounting, billing and audits, credit card processing and verification, consumer-relations correspondence, and/or operation of the JCPenney Rewards program. Opt-outs for postal mail and email
If you do not want to receive coupons and other promotional mail, or if you do not want to receive promotional email offers and updates from JCPenney, you may:
Email us at privacy@jcpenneyeservices.com,
Call us at 1.800.322.1189, or
Write to us at Penney OpCo LLC, P.O. Box 10001, Dallas, TX 75301-7311, Attention: Corporate Consumer Care. After we receive your opt-out, we will send you a final text message to confirm the opt-out. To learn more about the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op and opt-out choices, click here. Technology used to serve advertising
Website IBA
To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of interest-based advertising programs from participating companies:
Visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or
Visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
These opt-outs limit the sharing of information from the devices and browsers for which the opt-out is in effect. If the cookie is removed or deleted, you upgrade to a new version of your browser, change browsers, or visit us from a different computer or device, you will need to repeat this process to indicate your opt-out preference. Childrens privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from minors under the age of 16 through our websites or mobile applications. Notice to California residents - your privacy rights
This Privacy Notice to California consumers supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice above and applies solely to California residents. Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). If we are not able to confirm your identity with the information you submit, we may provide you with a report that includes the categories of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. If you do not provide the information requested, we will be unable to process your request. However, JCPenney does disclose personal information to affiliates, licensees within the JCPenney family of businesses, and third parties to better offer you products and services and for the purposes of targeted advertising, which may constitute the sale and/or sharing of your personal information, as defined the CPRA. To exercise your right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may:
Visit the JCPenney Data Subject Request portal here
Call us at 1.866.315.9260
JCPenney may place an opt-out cookie on your device if you chose to opt out. Therefore, your browser must be set to accept cookies. In addition, you will need to exercise your opt-out should you visit jcp.com or our app on a different device. Business and commercial purposes
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice) personal information about you for the purposes described in the "Using information we collect" Using information we collect section of this notice and for the following business or commercial purposes:
 Auditing the interaction with the data subject and concurrent transactions. Detecting or preventing security incidents or other illegal activity and prosecuting the responsible parties. Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Undertaking internal research for testing, research, analysis, technological and product development. This information is not retained by JCPenney.