JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Our promise
You have our word that well treat and protect your data. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following:
The personal data we collect
How we collect your data
How we use your data
Marketing preferences, adverts and cookies
Links to other websites and third parties
How we share your data
Your rights
Changes to this privacy notice
How to contact us
WHO IS PLT
PLT is a leading online fashion retail company known for taking over your social media feeds with our killer looks and next-level aesthetic thatll have you double tapping. We require any third party who is contracted to process your personal data on our behalf to have security measures in place to protect your data and to treat such data in accordance with the law. It does not include anonymised data, where the identity and identifying information has been removed. Financial Data includes information such as: payment card details and bank account. Usage Data includes information such as: how and when you use our website/app, how you moved around it, what you searched for; website/app performance statistics, traffic, location, weblogs and other communication data; loyalty programme activities; and details of any other PLT products and services used by you. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. Please see our Cookie section (below) for further details. For example, to process a payment from you, fulfil your order or provide customer support connected with an order, or
the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or
we have a legal obligation to collect or disclose personal data from you. IdentityContactFinancialMarketing Communications
(1) Consent(2) Performance of a contract with you(3) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products and improve our services)
To enable you to take part in a competition, event, or receive a reward for shopping with us. If we wish to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. As long as it is needed to provide services to you. MARKETING PREFERENCES
We may send you marketing communications and promotional offers:
if you have opened an account with us or purchased goods from us, or registered for a promotion or event, and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below);
by email if you have signed up for email newsletters;
if you have provided us with your details when you entered a competition and you have consented to receiving such marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below). You will always have full control of your marketing preferences. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and a range of advertising technologies such as web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebooks Custom Audience Service. HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below:
where you have consented for us to do so. PLT does not store your payment information. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. A copy of Ravelin's privacy notice can be found at: ravelin.com which explains how Ravelin will use your personal data for these purposes; and
we may further share personal data that is required to make identity checks and personal data that we obtain from making identity checks (including data relating to your age, name and location), together with account information, with organisations (including law enforcement agencies), involved in fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal data we hold about you. Request access to your personal dataYou have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you and certain information relating to our processing of your personal data. You can update your personal data at any time by logging into your account and updating your details directly, or by emailing us at DPO@boohoo.com. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. You also have the right to make a complaint to the ICO (the data protection regulator in the UK), or (if you are located in the European Union) any other competent supervisory authority in your country of residence (a list of supervisory authorities can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en) We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, or any other supervisory authority so please do contact us in the first instance.