778852794047cb374db6-8a4c-4fc6-969f-fe242db3441b:1888ad248de19997 Skip to main contentCustomer ServiceHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact SellWatchlistExpand Watch ListLoading...Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta The eBay vaultNotification
Expand CartLoading...Something went wrong. You can find all necessary information and contact details - opens in new window or tab in our eBay Privacy Center - opens in new window or tab. The data collected includes the following usage- and device-related information:
Data about the pages you visit, the access time, frequency and duration of visits, the links on which you click and other actions you take as part of your use of our Services and in advertising and email content. Please note that most mobile devices allow you to manage or disable the use of precise location services for all applications in the settings menu. Processing of general location data (such as IP address or postal code) in order to provide you with location-based services (such as radius search and other content that is personalized on the basis of your general location data). Other third-party service providers you select to access your data under payment services legislation and as authorized in each case by you. Credit agencies, bureaus, or associations, if required by applicable law (e.g. information on payment delays, payment defaults or other irregularities that may be relevant to your credit report). Other important information regarding data protection). To the extent permitted by applicable law without your consent, communications with you via electronic mail (e.g. email or text message) or telephone to offer you vouchers, discounts and special offers, to conduct opinion polls and surveys, and to inform you about our Services (according to your communication preferences in your eBay account). 5.5 With your consent, we process your personal data for the following purposes:
For users within the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the United Kingdom: Advertising and content personalization, measurement and analytics, on and off our sites, as explained on our Advertising and related preferences page - opens in new window or tab. This enables us, in particular, to provide you, with your consent as legally required, with information about products and services, which we believe might interest you, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising by analyzing your use of the services of eBay Affiliates, in particular through the matching of certain data (e.g. cookie IDs). The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired. The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services
This includes such things as executing the User Agreement with you, maintaining and improving the performance of our products, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Consent-based processing of personal data
If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent. You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Your right to access may be limited by national law. You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you under certain conditions (e.g. when the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were processed or when they are no longer required for overriding legitimate grounds, such as the detection/prevention of fraud), unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your personal data to the extent that
the accuracy of the data is disputed by you,
the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of the personal data,
we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or
you have objected to the processing. For information on how to manage your cookies and similar technologies preferences, see the next section 9. It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized for you using cookies or similar technologies. You may only use the personal data that you have access to for eBay transaction-related purposes, or for other Services offered through eBay (such as shipping, fraud complaints, and member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the data relates. All messages are automatically filtered according to certain criteria. This is to protect our legitimate interests such as protecting against fraudulent or suspicious activities (e.g. spam, viruses, phishing, or other illegal activities) or enforcing our User Agreement and our other rules and policies (e.g. illegal and other prohibited content), including but not limited to enforcing the prohibition of purchases and sales outside of eBay. Children's Privacy
Our services are not intended for the use by children. You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies. Regional and State Privacy Disclosures
For additional regional disclosures for residents of certain U.S. states, including California, please review our State Privacy Disclosures - opens in new window or tab page. Scope and updates of this User Privacy Notice
This User Privacy Notice applies to your use of this website and all eBay applications, services (including payment services), products and tools (collectively the "Services"), regardless of how you access or use these Services, including access via mobile devices and apps. 4.5 Social network data you share with us
We allow you to use social networks (such as Facebook) or other providers of single sign-on services (such as Google or Apple) with whom you already have an account to create an eBay account or to link your eBay account to such single sign-on services. If we contact you by telephone, in order to ensure efficiency, we may use automatically dialed calls with tape announcements or automated text messages in accordance with our User Agreement and Payments Terms of Use, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Some of the personal data that you provide to us (e.g. data by which we can identify you) are required to enter into the User Agreement and the Payments Terms of Use.