online exclusives
hot topic exclusives
presale
funko
Funko HT Exclusives
Funko Presale
gold
plush
Pocket Pop! Vinyl
Soda
Last Chance
Plush
Q Posket
Squishmallows
Statues
Sale
shop all sale
30% off loungefly & more
40% off tees
buy two, get one free jewelry
buy two, get one free pins and patches
up to 50% off funko pop! HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT? We also collect transaction information such as purchasing history. Communications between you and any Hot Topic Brands (whether in written, audio, or video format), including, but not limited to, questions or comments submitted by you to our customer service departments (through phone, email, live chat, automated chat, or otherwise), as part of an interactive event or feature, or in connection with product reviews (including any photographs you submit as part of a product review). We also collect information through Cookies and similar technologies that may capture your internet protocol (IP) address, personal device identifiers, the type of browser you are using, your operating system, ISP information, and similar online identifiers. Based on the way you have set your privacy settings on your social media accounts, most social media platforms, like Facebook, analyze data about how you interact with our Services and combine it with information on other users to provide us information about your name, profile name, demographic information, contact information, region, interests, and usage data. Improve our Sites, Apps and systems; provide and maintain functionality on our Sites, Apps and systems; and help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our Sites, Apps, and systems. Hot Topic Brands uses this information to maintain a diverse group of program ambassadors. To accomplish the purposes listed above, we share the information we collect:
With service providers, including businesses, professionals, or technical support providers to help us operate our business and the Services by doing things like processing your payment and shipping your order, facilitating chat functions, automating the process to enter into sweepstakes, or analyzing sales data to help us develop new products. With third parties promoting sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, if you choose to enter one of our promotions, we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with running the promotion or announcing winners. With co-sponsors, when you use certain areas of our Sites and Apps, you may be interacting with third parties, such as advertisers that provide products and services or rewards programs. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our Services, or the rights of any third party. You may deactivate your account, however we may still retain certain information for analytic purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements, and as dictated by constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Sites and Apps. California Rights
California residents may have additional rights over their Personal Information. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, California residents have the right to:
Request that we tell you (i) the categories of personal information (as that term is defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and/or the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA)) we have collected, sold, or shared about you and other consumers, (ii) the sources of that information, (iii) the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling or sharing the personal information; and (iv) the categories of third-parties to whom we have disclosed, sold or shared personal information. Not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights. We will use this information to verify your identity by matching the information we have collected against the information you have provided. Failure to provide the foregoing information may prevent us from processing your request. You may designate an agent to submit requests and act on your behalf. If you are a parent or legal guardian, you may exercise these rights on behalf of your child. Marketing, analytics, and advertisings partners. To submit a request please email us at privacy@hottopic.com or call us at (844) 325-9138. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, residents of Virginia have the following rights:
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access your personal data. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social network plugins, and are not responsible for the practices of such sites. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to promptly remove such information. DATA STORAGE, RETENTION, AND SECURITY
Any Personal Information we collect will be stored on servers in the United States and subject to the laws of the United States, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of other countries. We will treat access to the Services through your account credentials as authorized by you. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will take reasonable steps to notify you.