1.685956216275E12
FREE 1-3 Day Shipping Over $79
assignment
Track Order
Get 5% Extra Off Your Purchase
when you join or renew GameStop Pro! This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the information we collect about you, how it is used and to whom it is disclosed and explains the rights and choices you have to control how we handle your Personal Information. Expand for PDF download and previous versions. Fraud prevention and investigations:
We may collect information about you from publicly available sources, identity verification services, Anti Money Laundering (AML) and sanctions screening services, and data providers. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information to provide you products and services, such as to communicate with you, support you, personalize our services, and develop our Services. To provide customer services to you:
Provide customer service when you need help and/or to improve and
optimize your experience with GameStop both in-store and online. Affiliate Programs:
We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager. Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our third-party partners use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different Services and devices. This helps us to provide you with the best possible experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site. Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites, based on their tracking of what content you viewed or interacted with on our Websites, Apps, or other GameStop property. We do not have control over how these third-party advertisers use information from these technologies, nor is that activity governed by this Privacy Policy. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. We and our partners use this personal information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels. These tools use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about user behavior on the Services, such as mouse movements, clicks, user inputs, scrolling, access times, visit duration, pages viewed, IP address (including approximate location), operating system, and page reloading. When you discontinue the use of our services, we will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and defend claims, as well as for any additional purpose based on the choices you have made, such as to receive marketing communications. We also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name and email address. An appeal can be submitted here:
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may also have the right to opt out of the Sale of your information and Sharing of your information for cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising. GameStop also recognizes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal which will direct a user to follow onscreen instructions to opt-out from the Sale and Sharing of your personal information for the browser that sends this signal. This only applies to the browser you were using and only for the device you were using at the time you registered your preference. If you clear cookies on your browser after opt-out, your browser will no longer remember your preference, and you will need to reset your preference. You will need to turn this on for each browser you use. For our GameStop mobile application, go to the Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information or Your Privacy Choices option in the Account menu, and following the on-screen instructions. You may opt-out of our personalized advertising and the personalized advertising of certain providers by visiting the DAA consumer opt-out page at https://www.aboutads.info/choices. On Android devices, system level advertising preference may be accessed via Settings  Privacy  Google  Ads. This section of the Privacy Notice applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (California Consumer) and uses our Services. We use this sensitive information to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as Pawn and Secondhand dealer laws, providing location based Services to you (e.g., find my closest store), or as otherwise permissible for our internal business purposes consistent with applicable laws. Please note that we do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16. Depending on the product/services you use and how you use them, we may have Sold or Shared, the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months to categories of third-parties such as data analytics providers and advertising networks: Identifying information, connection or usage data, cookie or device information, browser or device fingerprints, IP or approximate geolocation information, commercial information, browsing history, and inferences drawn from this data. Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty and repeat purchases. If you become aware of any Personal Information we have collected from children under 13, please email us at care@gamestop.com, or contact us at 1-800-883-8895.