Our Costco Business
Center warehouses are open to all members. Optical
Shop Optical
Healthy Eyes
Eyeglasses - New! This Privacy Notice applies when you: access or use our websites or mobile applications (including the Costco App) that link to this Privacy Notice; become a Costco member; shop at our warehouses or services centers; and contact or otherwise interact with us (collectively, the Services). We collect personal information you provide to us. If you send us email messages or other communications such as requests for customer support, fill out a form, or participate in a promotion, we will collect and retain those communications. When you visit our internet-based Services or use our apps, our web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including unique device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your devices operating system and version, browser type and language, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration, and mobile network information. We collect and use such information to evaluate the effectiveness of our Services and marketing, troubleshoot and improve our Services, provide customized marketing messages, customize our advertising, and personalize and improve your experience. We may use vendors and service providers to collect or provide information to Costco in connection with work they do on our behalf. We generate new information relating to you by analyzing data we collect, including using automated means and third-party sources, to create inferences about your likely preferences or other characteristics (inferences). We do not direct the Services to individuals under the age of eighteen (18). Strictly necessary cookies cannot be switched off through our Services. We use these trackers to collect information about how you use our Services, as well as how you interact with advertisements and content on other websites. If you choose to disable these trackers, it will affect how our Services function and may prevent you from using certain features. For example, when you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will disclose that information with banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, or other related financial services. In some circumstances, we may disclose primary members or accountholders contact and purchase information to household or business affiliate members associated with the account. Citi / Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi applicants and cardholders. You can stop text messages (SMS) and mobile notifications. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to decline requests that are unreasonable or excessive, where providing the information would be prohibited by law or could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the information relates. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights by submitting a Data Rights Request or calling 1-800-605-3364. For example, you may revoke your consent to the use of device precise location information through our app by turning off the precise location feature in the app settings on your device. At this time, Costco does not engage in such sales. Collection, Use, and Retention of Personal Information
As a California resident, you have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, the sources from which we receive personal information, and purposes for which we use personal information. Certain individual pieces of information may also be stored in combination with other individual pieces of information, and the maximum retention period may be determined by the purpose for which that information set is used. Note that although we will not sell your personal information after you opt out from the sale of personal information, we will continue to disclose some personal information with our vendors and suppliers (acting as our service providers or processors) for our business purposes. Submitting a request to opt out through Your Privacy Choices and/or opting out of digital trackers will not stop the use of previously disclosed personal information or stop all interest-based advertising. Right to Non-Discrimination
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. We comply with this law by offering California Members a choice about the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and you can make or change your choice by following the instructions under Your Privacy Choices section of this Privacy Notice. AUTOMATED LICENSE PLATE RECOGNITION USAGE AND POLICY
We use Automated License Plate Recognition (ALPR) technology to collect information relating to vehicles present on or near some Costco warehouses and facilities. These personnel receive training in data security and the sensitivity of ALPR Information. Costco may disclose ALPR Information when we believe doing so is necessary to:
Protect the rights or property of ourselves or others, including detecting, investigating, and reporting suspicious activities to law enforcement;
Comply with applicable law or respond to legal process requests, including from law enforcement or other government agencies; or
Protect our Costco companies, our property and inventory, our shoppers, members, employees, or the public.