Explore PlusLoginBecome a Seller More CartUpdated June 3rd, 2022
PRIVACY POLICY
We value the trust you place in us and recognize the importance of secure transactions and information privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Platform. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. While you can browse some sections of our Platform without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order or consuming our online content or services) do require registration. Flipkart shall not be responsible for the Ultra-Partners privacy practices or the content of their privacy policies, and we request you to read their privacy policies prior to disclosing any information. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Platform. These surveys may ask you for personal information, contact information, date of birth, demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level), attributes such as your interests, household or lifestyle information, your purchasing behaviour or history, preferences, and other such information that you may choose to provide. We use this data to tailor your experience at our Platform, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences. Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Platform to help analyse our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. " Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. Cookies do not contain any of your personal information. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline/delete our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Platform and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. Sharing of personal information
We may share personal information internally within Flipkart group companies, affiliates, related companies and with other third parties for purposes of providing products and services offered by them, such as, the deferred payment options Flipkart PayLater offered by Flipkart Advanz Private Limited through its lending partners. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement agencies, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public. Links to Other Sites
Our Platform may provide links to other websites or application that may collect personal information about you. Security Precautions
We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. Whenever you access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Advertisements on Platform
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Platform. You have an option to opt out from tracking of personalized advertising using the Opt out of Ads Personalization settings using your devices settings application. If you have shared any personal information of children under the age of 18 years, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data Retention
We retain your personal information in accordance with appliable laws, for a period no longer than is required for the purpose for which it was collected or as required under any applicable law. Please mention for withdrawal of consent in the subject line of your communication. We will verify such requests before acting upon your request. Your Consent
By visiting our Platform or by providing your information, you consent to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and otherwise processing of your information (including sensitive personal information) on the Platform in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You, while providing your personal information over the Platform or any partner platforms or establishments, consent to us (including our other corporate entities, affiliates, lending partners, technology partners, marketing channels, business partners and other third parties) to contact you through SMS, instant messaging apps, call and/or e-mail for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices.