Last Updated: 17th May, 2022
AfterShip and its Affiliates (collectively "AfterShip Group") recognize the importance of privacy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not provide Personal Data, and please do not use the Website. We try to limit the collected information to support the intended purpose of collection. The Personal Data we collect may include authentication information (including namely but not exclusively username and encrypted access credentials) of your email accounts, social networking accounts or any other accounts from any third-party application or website that you link to your Account, transaction information such as product name and price, contact and payment information, Your name and/or company name, address, phone number, email address, and shipping information. When you ask us to provide services for the benefit of a third party, you shall be legally authorized by a said third party to disclose his/her Personal Data to AfterShip. 1.2 Purposes of Processing
AfterShip processes Personal Data for the following purposes and based on the following legal grounds:
For the performance of AfterShip services: Tracking, Postmen, Returns Center. The Personal Data requested with regard to the creation and use of a user account is necessary for the performance of AfterShip Services and to fulfill your requests. Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies to enhance and simplify your visit; namely, in order to offer easier surfing on the Website, to make login easier, for internal security purposes, system administration to tailor advertisements to your preferences, and the like. In addition to cookies that send information to us, we also use cookies that collect information and send it to third parties. By using this Website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your computer and to AfterShip's access to cookies in accordance with the terms herein. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies, but note that doing so does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies used in conjunction with our Website. Some examples include:
To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about said requests;
To send you notifications concerning shipment information;
To register your account on the Website;
To administer surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and promotions;
To provide customer service;
To help us improve and customize the Website;
To send you information about our products, services, promotions, contests, and sweepstakes; and
To protect the security or integrity of the Website and our business. Moreover, we may disclose or otherwise make available your Personal Data, including transaction information, to other service providers and vendors for the purpose of managing, providing, and improving AfterShip services. Generally, companies that help us to furnish the AfterShip services and improve our product and service offerings and our Websites. How to Unsubscribe to Direct Marketing
We want to communicate with you in the ways that you want to hear from us. If you no longer want to receive marketing messages from us, you can click on the appropriate link at the bottom of our marketing emails. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed. How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is important to AfterShip. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We can't resend forgotten passwords either. Privacy of Children Online
We are committed to protecting children's online privacy. In order to protect the privacy of children, AfterShip does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without prior parental consent. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites. A link to a third party's website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. The changes will go into effect on the "Last Updated" date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. Please contact our Data Protection Officer, Erika Ellyne, by email or mail: [emailprotected] or PIERSTONE Brussels, 1st floor, 22 Avenue de la Toison dOr 22 at 1050 Brussels, Belgium. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.</noscript><script defer src="https://static.cloudflareinsights.com/beacon.min.js/v52afc6f149f6479b8c77fa569edb01181681764108816" integrity="sha512-jGCTpDpBAYDGNYR5ztKt4BQPGef1P0giN6ZGVUi835kFF88FOmmn8jBQWNgrNd8g/Yu421NdgWhwQoaOPFflDw==" data-cf-beacon='{"rayId":"7d27480fca27101d","version":"2023.4.0","b":1,"token":"ae397bfcac0a4147a62670afcaefe9a2","si":100}' crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
</body></html>