Welcome to Shopkick!We greatly respect your privacy, and this Privacy Policy is designed and created in that spirit! This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, and disclosure of the information we collect and receive from your use, access, and all interactions with the shopkick mobile application (Application), any of shopkicks services (the Services), the shopkick.com website, and any other website associated with shopkick or pages where this Privacy Policy is displayed and accessible (collectively, Website) (together, the Website, Application and Services are the shopkick Program). Personal Information we may collect includes your name, phone number(s), email address, home address, and if you elect to participate in certain parts of our Services, payment card numbers, and/or third-party account information (e.g. store loyalty program information, PayPal, Venmo, banking information, etc.). Credit Card Transaction Data
If you choose to participate in the Kicks for Purchases program, we will receive information about transactions you make at select merchants including the merchants name, location, the date and time of the purchase, the transaction amount, the purchased items and other potentially personal information about you (Transaction Data). We encourage you to read the privacy policies for those third parties. To provide the shopkick Program, we need information from you. For example, if you are invited to the shopkick Program by your friend through our invitation program we may at times contact you through such specified methods. Better understand your needs and interests, and provide you with further information and offers we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as targeted advertising and promotional campaigns. Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply. To present these offers, we use the signal of our shopBeacon devices (or another geolocation or presence technology), which are located in various places, such as above the entrance to a store. To avoid geolocation data from being used or received by shopkick Program, either while the Website or Application are in the background or not currently running on your device, you can switch off notifications near or at stores in the Settings of the Application at any time, or adjust your device settings. At any time, you may instruct your device to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit by changing your devices settings. Please understand that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the shopkick Program. We may also use Device Information from Usage Technology together with both demographic or psychographic information we collected, and third-party analysis partners to anonymously analyze usage patterns of users and serve tailored advertisements to you. Other Information from Third Parties
We may use information from third parties to administer, update, personalize the shopkick Program, award rewards from your purchases with our partners and select merchants, invite you to the shopkick Program (at the request of your friend(s)), communicate with you, and present relevant offers. Third-Party Business Partners
We may disclose information with our third-party business partners, such as marketing, advertising, and analytics companies for various reasons, including to advertise, display relevant content, products and services that you may find useful. We use Google API Services to allow communication with Gmail and its integration with our mobile application. AOL, Yahoo, and Outlook also use OAuth 2.0 to authenticate the users account and authorize access to user data. To learn more about personalized advertisements (online-based advertisements) please visit our Advertising and Your Choices page. We do not exercise control over third party services, functionality, websites or other resources, including their use of personal information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information to a third party. Childrens Information
The shopkick Program is not directed to children. If we become aware that a member is under the age of 14 and has provided us with Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such information from our files. To receive a copy of this disclosed information, please contact us at myprivacy@shopkick.com or mail us at the address below with the subject line Request For California Privacy Rights. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. Security
We employ administrative and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We are committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations governing the collection and use of personal information. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Copyright
Download now! REQUEST A MEETING
Wed love to hear from you! Fill out this form and someone from our team will be in touch within one business day. Dima Volovik is the accomplished product and engineering leader who led teams to deliver innovative and commercially successful e-commerce products, marketplaces, and enterprise solutions for Amazon, Comcast, Fandango, and Universal Music.