PRIVACY POLICY (PRIVACY POLICY) WHICH IS PART OF THE FLIPP OPERATIONS INC. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service shall be subject to this Privacy Policy. We may seek consent to use and disclose Your personal information after it has been collected in those cases where We wish to use the information for a new or different purpose where You have not already consented to such a use of Your personal information. When You apply for a job through the Service, We may collect identifiers, education information, and professional or employment-related information including: Your name, email address, telephone number, current employer, social media account links, and any information You provide through Your responses to questions posed or in Your cover letter, resume or otherwise through the Careers/Job Openings section of the Flipp.com Website. We may also collect information about Your access to and use of the Services via third party service providers, as described in the Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on Our Service section below. Alidas privacy policy is here:https://www.alida.com/privacy-policy, and information about their cookie policy and opt-out can be found here:https://www.alida.com/cookie-policy. We may receive personal information about You from Greenhouse as described in Section III(B) below. As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing related services to the Service (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of the products, software, hosting services, data migration services and analytical services, among others). To learn more about interest based advertising, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving such ads at participating websites, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliances website athttp://youradchoices.ca/choices/orwww.aboutads.info. If You elect to proceed, You will be seamlessly linked to a website maintained by Greenhouse, headquartered in New York, U.S. As We are not responsible for the content, data collection or privacy policies of Greenhouse, We urge You to read the privacy and security policies of Greenhouse (see link above) before providing any personal information. We may share Your information with advertisers and their service providers who use our services, including but not limited when You read and interact with an advertisers flyer, advertising, coupons or rebates, when You enter or are near an advertisers physical location, when You make purchases at an advertiser, and when You use a loyalty or reward program of an advertiser. Please contact the advertiser directly if You want to learn about its privacy practices or submit any requests
D.Third Parties that Incorporate our Technology into their own Mobile Applications or Websites. We may use remarketing cookies and pixels from Facebook and share some of Your personal information with it for use in advertising. Note that clearing cookies from Your browser will remove the above opt-outs because they are stored in cookies. We use this information to improve the Website and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. You can opt out of these Google features by downloading and installing Googlesopt-out browser add-on(see above). This sharing of these identifiers and geolocation information may be considered a sale of data in accordance with the CCPA (as defined below), please see Section XIV Your California Privacy Rights for information on how to opt-out of this sale if you are a resident of California. These and other third parties may collect or receive information about Your use of the Service, including through the use ofcookies, web beacons and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services, which may be used for remarketing and may track users across websites and apps and over time. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie is a temporary file which is only active while You are on the website and is erased once You close Your browser. However, You can disable cookies completely, or be prompted prior to a cookie being loaded, by adjusting Your browsers settings. Web beacons may be used to collect certain personal information (for example, the email address associated with an email message). An embedded script is a programming code that is designed to collect information about Your interactions with our website, such as information about the links on which You click. If We become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, We may transfer Your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith. WE NEITHER CAN CONTROL NOR GUARANTEE, REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PRIVACY PRACTICES, CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR APPS IS ACCURATE, LEGAL, NON-INFRINGING OR INOFFENSIVE, OR THAT SUCH WEBSITES DO NOT CONTAIN VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE OR WILL NOT OTHERWISE AFFECT YOUR COMPUTER. When You connect with Facebook, Google, Pinterest, and Twitter through the service, Facebook, Google, Pinterest, and Twitter may provide Us with information as described in Section I above. X. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from an individual under age 16. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit the Flipp Terms of Use (also applicable to the reebee App and any other aspect of the Service) athttps://corp.flipp.com/terms which states the terms, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing Your use of the Service. We will investigate all complaints and if a complaint is justified, we will take all reasonable steps to resolve the issue. You shall not be discriminated against as a result of your choice to exercise these rights, however certain account and personalization functionality may be lost as a result of your request to delete your information or opt-out of sale of your information.