Fetch Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 24, 2023Fetch Rewards, Inc ("Fetch," "we," "us," or "our") owns and operates this Website and the associated Applications, including, but not limited to Fetch Rewards (collectively, the "App"). This Privacy Policy informs you how we collect, use, share, and protect the information we collect from or about you on our Website, however accessed (the "Website"), our App, and web applications, including, but not limited to, Mission Control. For California ConsumersIf you are a California Consumer, please review the Fetch Rewards Privacy Notice for California Consumers Fetch Rewards Privacy Notice for California Consumers, which applies to you. Friend information when you Refer a Friend or participate in Social: When you refer a friend to join Fetch we provide you a link, some pre-formatted text relating to Fetch, and a referral code to send your friend. If you invite someone to be a friend who is already a Fetch member, we will provide your friend a push notification, which will take them to the Fetch App where they can accept your invitation. When you activate your GoodRx Card and make GoodRx Claims, you direct GoodRx to provide Fetch your GoodRx Card Member ID and information relating to your transactions, including the pharmacy name and zip code and amount of savings associated with your GoodRx Claims, so that Fetch can provide you points. We will collect precise real-time geolocation data only if you consent. How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesCookies: Cookies are a form of data transferred to a user's device to facilitate customized site information and ongoing use. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Pixel Tags: We use Pixel Tags, or other forms of clear images and similar technologies, such as Javascript scripts on our Website, emails, and web applications to understand the actions of users and measure the success of marketing efforts. We also use your information to analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our Website, App, web applications, and the services we provide to you, including our marketing of products and services to you. If you provide a testimonial, your name will be publicly posted along with the testimonial. The Digital Receipt Program allows you to link other email accounts or digital consumer accounts to your Fetch account, as directed by you, through the use of your login credentials to that account(s) so that Fetch, as your agent, can retrieve purchase information from digital receipts in your digital consumer account or email. We do not share your information that we receive through Google Gmail APIs with third parties other than those service providers as necessary to support functions we need to operate our eReceipts program, for legal or security reasons, or as part of an acquisition or liquidation. For a list of our participating brands, click here. In addition, by uploading receipts, redeeming a Special Offer, participating in a Challenge, or taking a Survey offered by a Partner, you are using Fetch Rewards to intentionally interact with all our participating brands who provide points in our Program. Fetch does not share your Phone number with any participating brands. For more details about the terms of our Program click here to review our Terms of Service. In addition, friends of your friends with whom you are not directly connected (i.e. Friends of Friends) and users with whom you are not directly or indirectly connected, will be able to see your name, profile picture, state, number of friends and mutual friends, limited information about Points-earning activities you've engaged in, and Fetch points. Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. These third parties may also use and disclose the de-identified and/or aggregated information for their own business purposes, including to understand consumer shopping behaviors, investment research, market trends and other insights and for any other legally permissible purposes. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you use our Website or web applications and how you use our Website or web applications. You can control the information provided to Google and opt out of certain ads provided by Google by using of the of the methods set forth in http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or use the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enFacebook Custom AudienceWe may participate in Facebook's Custom Audience programs which enables us to display personalized ads to individuals on our emails lists when they visit Facebook. MessagingYour Information or the information you provide may be used to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Website or App. This may include, but is not limited to, opportunities for you to provide comments, reviews, recommendations, or information related to Fetch Rewards, the App, a Partner or other entity, or specific products, items, or services (collectively, "User-Generated Content"). When you voluntarily disclose personal identifiers (for example, your name, email address, or location) as part of User-Generated Content, the information can be read and used by others. To protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you update your information, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information. How do we treat Do Not Track signalsCertain browsers have a Do Not Track feature that allows you to tell websites that you prefer not to have your online activities tracked. Parents and legal guardians may choose to provide information about their children, even if under the age of 13, for the purposes of using our products and services, including, without limitation, the App and Website. By continuing to use the Website, App, or web applications after that date, you agree to the privacy practices contained in the updated Privacy Policy.