Privacy Policy (Buyers Version)
Update date: Jul 28, 2022
Effective date: Aug 4, 2022
Please contact us using the details below if you have any doubt, comment or suggestion about this Policy or
personal information protection. In general, we will reply within 7 working days. The
following will list in detail the personal information you voluntarily provide during the product
and/or service process to realize the basic business functions of the Buyer App and the personal
information that is collected for the realization of this function. Membership services: to register as a member and use our membership
services, you need to provide the member name and password to be used, the mailbox address
and password to create a platform account. During
the live recording process, we will record and save all the dynamic and static pictures
you show and display them to other users. Meanwhile, please carefully read the
privacy policy and user agreement of the third parties in detail. Closing the authority will not affect
the use of other functions of this software. If any PI about a child is involved, you shall obtain
the consent of the guardian thereof before releasing such PI. Sharing with authorized partners: in order to provide you with products and services that are
perfect and of high-quality, certain services of Buyer App will be provided by the partners. We will only share your PI for the lawful,
legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes stated herein. Our partners will help us process
information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but we will not provide them with
your identity information, or we will de-identify such information so that it does not identify
you personally. If you refuse to provide PI that
is necessary for our partners to provide services, you might not be able to use the services
provided by the partners through Buyer App. (II) Transfer
We will not transfer your PI to any company, organization, or individual except
under the following circumstances:
1. (III) Public disclosure
Your PI is an important part of our services for you. After we obtain your explicit consent;
2. For more information, please visit:
https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
TencentXGPush
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Non-Xiaomi mobile phones receive the push
Use Bluetooth, read external memory cards, input entries to external memory cards, and
retrieve running applications. For more information, Please visit:
https://www.huawei.com/us/privacy-policy
umeng
Beijing Ruixun Lintong Technology Co., Ltd.
Statistical analysis of data. For more information, Please visit:
https://opensource.fb.com/legal/privacy
Glide
GitHub, Inc.open source
Load images. You may also choose to contact us through the contact information specified in this
Policy. If you use such third-party social media services or other services (including
providing any information for such third parties), you shall be bound by the third parties' own
service terms and information protection statement (not this Policy), and you need to read them
carefully. This Policy applies only to the PI we collect and does not apply to the services
provided by any third party or third-party information use rules. (III) Since the Internet is by no means an absolutely secure environment, we strongly
recommend that you assist us in ensuring your account security by safe means and using complicated
passwords. If your legitimate rights or interests are damaged due to any
unauthorized access to, or public disclosure, falsification or destruction of your PI as a result of
damage to our physical, technical, or managing or protective facilities, we will bear corresponding
legal liability. (IV) If, unfortunately, any PI security incident occurs, we will, in accordance with the requirements
of laws and regulations, promptly notify you of: the basic information about and possible impact of
the incident, measures we have taken or are about to take, suggestions for you on how you should
prevent and reduce risks by yourself and remedies to be offered to you. V. How You Manage Your PI
We attach great importance to your attention to PI and make every effort to protect your right to
inquiry, correct and delete your PI, de-register an account, and withdraw your consent, so that you have
sufficient capabilities to guarantee your privacy and security. In addition, you can check the activation status of the above authority on a
case-by-case basis in my account module (usually the push authorization is "Settings -
Noticification") of Buyer App, and decide to activate or close such authority at any time (we will
instruct you to complete the settings in your device system). (IV) De-registering your account
You can contact Live Chat Service or you can ask for help through the contact
information at the beginning of this article, we will assist you in closing your account. After you voluntarily de-register your account, we will stop providing
you with products or services, delete your PI according to applicable laws, or anonymize
it. Where it is related to public security, public health or major public interests;
3. You understand and agree that, as we provide products or services
through resources and servers all over the world, subject to applicable laws and regulations on cross-border
transmission of PI, we may store the PI collected under this Policy on servers in other countries/regions
outside the Chinese mainland according to its operation requirements, and may provide any or all of your PI
to foreign affiliates or third parties outside the Chinese mainland that have a cooperative relationship
with our affiliates.