Sign up or log inHelpUS - US$SKIP NAVIGATIONWOMENMENSign up or log in
Help center
Shopping on Lyst
Sizing guide
Intellectual property
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
s172 statement
Modern slavery statement
Contact us
Data Protection and Privacy Notice
This Notice applies to anyone who visits Lysts websites or Lysts mobile applications (the Sites), and any other platforms Lyst owns or controls and makes available (the Lyst Platforms). However, we require certain information from you in order to operate properly, including completing a transaction on your behalf. a) Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you enter on the Services or provide to us in any other way. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Please see our Cookie Policy for information as to how we use cookies in relation to the Services. We use the information we collect in order to:
Operate and improve the Services and to display Content
Allow you to take full advantage of the Services, including using Wish Lists
Allow you to order products on the Sites (where applicable)
Process or facilitate payments through third party payment processors (where applicable)
Recommend relevant products, and make it easier for you to track products youre interested in
Offer you a personalised experience of the Services and on the Lyst Sites. The information you enter on the Integrated Checkout will be collected, stored, and processed in accordance with this Notice and in accordance with the privacy policies of the Lyst Partners from whom you wish to purchase the products. These will be subject to additional rules and conditions which will be made available to you at the time of entering any such competition or promotion. The Affiliate Network will use the personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations and will individually and separately fulfil all obligations that apply to it as a Controller. This is used to target advertising to you online that may be of interest to you. This may give us automatic access to certain personal information retained by a social media site about you (e.g. content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). Our user information is hashed before it is sent to Facebook. Facebook will generate a lookalike audience from a source audience, such as a custom audience, we have already shared with them. Unless we tell you differently, Lysts agents do not have any right to use the information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. i) To comply with legal requests
We may provide your information to relevant third parties when we believe in good faith that it is necessary in order to (i) comply with the law, regulation or a legal request; (ii) enforce or apply our conditions of use in other agreements; or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Lyst, our employees, our users, or others. In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, asset sale, or in the unlikely event that Lyst goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information may be one of the assets that are transferred to or acquired by a third party. You need to ensure that there is no unauthorised access to your account and information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. The Services contain links to other sites such as Lyst Partners. Data Retention
Subject to any legal obligations to keep your information longer, we store the data you provide to us for as long as is necessary to provide the Services to you (and if you have a Lyst Account, for as long as you have a Lyst Account), or until you ask us to delete it, whichever comes first. After a request from a User to delete any data, a process will begin that permanently deletes the relevant data. For example, in order to register and manage your Lyst Account, we collect your email address, password and any other additional details you wish to add to your account. Please note that although your personal data may be removed from our databases, Lyst may retain the anonymous information contained in the data you provided, and such information will continue to be used by us for statistical purposes. If you no longer wish to receive marketing messages from us, or if you want to change the type and frequency of these messages, you can change your preferences at any time in the Account Settings of your registered Lyst Account, or by clicking on the unsubscribe button in our marketing emails. If, for whatever reason, your opt-out request is not honored, please let us know and we will attempt to resolve the issues. The Services are not designed for use by children under 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 13. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. This Agreement has been drawn up in the English language. We do allow some third parties (e.g. advertising partners) to collect information about your website activity via automated technologies on the Sites, such as cookies.