So youre clued up, heres why we need it and how we use it. Our Privacy Promise
WATCH VIDEO
Play
Mute
Full screen
/
1. Locked down
Well protect and secure your data. Straight talking
Well always talk your language and be open  no nonsense, no surprises. You're in control
You decide if you want to hear from us and how you hear from us. Protecting Your Privacy
At ASOS, we are 100% committed to protecting your privacy and security. What we do
Why we do it
Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Identify you when you visit our website or contact us
Checking your identity helps us to keep your information safe from fraudsters
Legally, we have to do this and it is also important for us
Deliver your purchases to you
Its a bit hard to send your order if we dont use your name and contact details! Send you surveys and to ask for other feedback. Its an important part of our service and also part of our contract commitment to you
Improve the services and support we provide to you
So that you get the best possible customer service
It is important for us to train our staff
Purchase history and saved items
What youve bought in the past, what youve searched for - including using our Style Match feature - what youve saved or added to a board for another time, and when you have asked us to tell you that something is back in stock. You can find out more in our section on Marketing messages below
It is important for us to show you things we think you will like and that may make your ASOS experience better
Show you ASOS.com adverts as your browse the web
So you can see our latest products and deals that we think you will love
It is important for us to show you things we think you will like
Monitor visitors to our site and analyse their behaviour
To protect our website and to help make our service better
This is important for us and legally, we have to do this! We allow you to use your Social Media account to log on to ASOS, simply and easily without having to create a specific account
To make it easier for you to use ASOS.com and purchase those items you want! The best representation of your ASOS style, is you! We use public sources of information to help us investigate fraudulent activity
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or ASOS  unfortunate, but absolutely essential
This is important for us to protect our service, to protect you and to stop this
Your responses to surveys, feedback and competitions
What we do
Why we do it
Why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) Manage the competitions that you qualify for or enter into. We need to contact you about your entries and send you a prize if you are one of the winners. We allocate you a unique number when you first shop with us (your customer ID)
This allows us to uniquely identify you
Its an important part of our contract commitment to you
You dont have to give us all of this personal information but if you dont, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience. But that is your choice  and we respect that. Your rights in relation to this are detailed below. How to stop marketing messages from ASOS.com
You can control the marketing communications you receive from us through the Contact Preferences section of your ASOS account. If you tell us you dont want to receive marketing messages it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so we would ask for your patience as you might get messages from us while we process your request. If you decide you no longer want Marketplace marketing communications, you can opt out by visiting My Marketplace > My Details in the ASOS Marketplace website or you can click on the unsubscribe link in any Marketplace email. You may see ASOS banners and ads when you are on other websites and apps, such as Social Media. We also use a range of advertising technologies. For more information on our use of advertising technologies and Cookies, please see our cookie notice
Your information and countries outside Europe
ASOS is a global business with operations inside and outside of the United Kingdom and we use suppliers and fulfilment centres located across the world. However, we have a legal requirement to keep some of your personal data even after you have asked us to delete it. As a starting point, we have one month in which to respond to you. Our contact details are at the end of this Policy. How to contact us
We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel weve let you down or could do better). You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at dataprotection@asos.com or else throughCustomer Carevia the ASOS website.