Help CenterSign upLog inHelp CenterAccountMercari Privacy PolicyMercari Privacy Policy
Through this Policy, Mercari, Inc., a Delaware corporation, informs you about the personal information collection and use practices relating to your use of Mercari's mobile application and website consumer-to-consumer marketplace service. It does not cover other data collection or processing by Mercari or data that other companies or individuals collect or sites or services that are linked from our service. Financial information, such as bank account and/or credit card numbers
3. You consent to promptly comply with such a request from us if you wish to continue using the service. We use this additional information, in combination with other information we may collect from you such as information about your government-issued identification, for identity verification and fraud prevention purposes, or any other purposes necessary to comply with applicable law. Our browser-based mobile version and website also place cookies (session cookies and persistent cookies) as necessary to provide functionality to you. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Mercari account and authorizing Mercari to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Information collected via these methods may be used for purposes of targeted advertising including to serve interest-based advertising about Mercaris service and any products featured on Mercari. Certain Internet browsers may enable you to set "do not track" preferences to limit the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. to enable service providers under contract to facilitate operations, such as fraud
prevention & risk management, bill collection, marketing, shipping or delivery
services, customer service and technology services. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence. We respect your communication preferences. To exercise your right to know, please use this FORM . In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for targeted advertising, if we sell your personal information (as sell is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
Request Deletion of your personal information; and
Appeal Our Decision to decline to process your request. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. For information on our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended) (CCPA), please see Exhibit B  Supplemental Notice for California Residents. You may also contact us at
Mercari, Inc
Attention: Privacy
PO Box 60178
Palo Alto, CA 94306
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Last updated
Updated December 20, 2022
Updated June 29, 2020
Need more help? Contact Us
Exhibit A  GLBA Privacy Notice
This GLBA Privacy Notice supplements our Privacy Policy and only applies to our processing of
Non-public Information that is subject to the GLBA. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. All financial companies need to share
customers'
personal information to run their everyday business. In the
section below, we list the reasons financial companies can
share their
customers'
personal information; the reasons
Mercari, Inc.
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. open an account
or
provide account information
2. give us your contact info
or
tell us where to send money
3. They can be
financial and nonfinancial companies. Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. Mercari does not have actual knowledge of any permitted sale of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Mercari and to
prosecute those responsible for those actions. To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.