This Privacy Policy is only applicable to webpages available on the Sites and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Sites, including, without limitation, the websites of InstaCart, Upromise and SavingStar, which such other websites may have data collection and use practices and policies that materially differ from this Privacy Policy. Sharing your information is optional; you may decline to provide us with your Personal Information. As described below, you may review, change, or remove certain types of your Personal Information through your account settings
How We Collect Information
We collect information you provide to us when you access or use our Sites, request information from us, register with us (including when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account), participate in public forums or other activities on our Sites, respond to User surveys, or otherwise interact with us online or offline. From time to time we may also use the cookies feature of major browser applications. Cookies are small files of information that save and retrieve information about your visit to the Sites. Promotions or offers displayed on our Sites may also contain cookies. However, disabling cookies may impair your access to and ability to utilize certain features on the Sites. You should carefully review the privacy policies of those websites to determine how they treat your Personal Information. Traffic Data and Personal Information may be shared with third-party service providers and affiliates utilized by Stater Bros. to perform services for the Sites, including, without limitation, website hosting, maintenance of the Sites, providing key functions of the Sites, information processing, completing audits, responding to inquiries, sending email, fulfilling requests, and customizing or delivering coupons, marketing material, or advertisements. When we share your personal information with third parties to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our Users and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our Users and third parties, to comply with legal process (including to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements), or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law. Data Security
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your Personal Information are extremely important to us. However, please be aware that despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time. CCPA), applies to California residents who have certain rights regarding Personal Information collected by Stater Bros. It does not cover Personal Information not subject to the CCPA rights identified below, such as Personal Information we collect from our employees or job applicants. You may make this request no more than twice per 12-month period. Categories of Personal Information We Collect. Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request deletion of the Personal Information Stater Bros. has collected from you . However, if your request requires us to delete, restrict, or not share information, please be advised that this will inhibit some functionality of the Site. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide written permission for the authorized agent to make such requests or a power of attorney. We will take reasonable steps in light of the nature of the Personal Information requested to verify your identity before responding to a request. In the unlikely event that we are not able to verify your identity from the Personal Information that we already have on file for you, we may request additional information from you. Other Rights of California Residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@staterbros.com. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13), and children under thirteen (13) are not permitted to register for an account or use our Sites. Stater Bros. does not make any representations or warranties about any affiliated or non-affiliated advertisers that may advertise on our Sites or any website you may access through our Sites. Except as otherwise provided under applicable law, neither Stater Bros. or its corporate affiliates, nor the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of the Sites or any other website linked to or from the Sites. Unless otherwise noted, any changes will be effective immediately upon posting. Stater Bros. encourages you to check back often and review this Privacy Policy to remain informed and to ensure that you continue to agree with all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, exit and cease use of the Sites. San Bernardino, CA 92408, Attention: Information Technology.