Stores
Pharmacy
Meals 2GO & Catering
Recipes
Digital Coupons
Our Values in Action
Careers
My Items
Sign In
Sign In
Wegmans Privacy Policy
Wegmans pledge to you
Since 1916, our business philosophy has been to be the very best at serving the wants and needs of our customers. This information, which may include the pages you visit on our site, your web address, the type of browser, device or hardware you are using, search terms, advertising identifier, mobile network information, and IP-based geographic location, helps us recognize you and customize your website experience. You can set your browser to reject and/or remove cookies at any time. For more information about these forms of targeted advertising and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. All third-party tools are hosted by the third parties providing them to Wegmans. For more information about Google Analytics, visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Googles collection and processing of data generated by your use of our website by going to: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. If you make use of a Wegmans mobile application, we may use certain third-party tools for analytics in relation to mobile application usage as well. Your Account
If you have a Wegmans Shoppers Club account, the information you provided on your application is merged with your wegmans.com profile (if you choose to register for our online services). Vendors
We may confidentially provide purchase information to vendors in aggregate (i.e., customer non-specific) or de-identified form in order to engage in planning, research and product development, or to bring you special offers on products and services. These companies are not authorized to share or use the information we provide for any other purpose. Third Parties
Third parties that we contract with may use cookies and similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website and use that information to provide services on our behalf. Securing your personal information is a top priority. Our website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption so that your personal information cannot be read as it passes over the Internet. Also, be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. What information can I access about myself? Your Choices
You have certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you. You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications. Pharmacy
Pharmacy customers can find our Notice of Privacy Practices here. We are not responsible for the content of those websites, your use of them, or their privacy practices. We may further update this policy at any time. We encourage you to review it from time to time for changes. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you would like to access your information we have about you or change your preferences, please use the form provided on our Contact Us webpage or write to us at:
Wegmans Food Markets
1500 Brooks Avenue
P.O. Box 30844
Rochester, NY 14603-0844
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer
Wegmans Privacy Policy
Wegmans pledge to you
Since 1916, our business philosophy has been to be the very best at serving the wants and needs of our customers. The video is accessible only to a limited number of Wegmans employees, or to third party service providers engaged to assist with security-related tasks. Due to a lack of standardization regarding Do Not Track signals, we are not able to receive or honor Do Not Track signals received from browsers. Wegmans does not sell your personal data to anyone. Other situations
We may release customer personal data when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our legal rights; or to protect our customers or us. You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications can obtain such location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell tower proximity (or a combination of these technologies). Childrens Privacy
Our website and applications are not designed nor intended to collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that we have received personal data through our website or applications from a visitor under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies.