AliExpress.comPrivacy Policy(Effective as of June 21st, 2022)Table of ContentsA. COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONInformation That You Provide to UsInformation That We Collect AutomaticallyInformation That We Receive From Third PartiesB.USE OF PERSONAL DATAC.DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATAD.RETENTIONE. Depending on your location, the entity responsible for the handing of your personal information is:For users located in Mainland China: If you are a registered member of the Platform, and you are from mainland China, you are contracting with Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co., Ltd.For users located in the United States: If you are a registered member of the Platform, and you are from United States, you are contracting with AliExpress E-Commerce One Pte. In this regard, for users who access or use the Platform from a Relevant Jurisdiction, the Privacy Policy of www.aliexpress.ru and www.tmall.ru shall apply https://sell.aliexpress.com/ru/__pc/Zj6CxW2d6V.htmthe extent that local data protection laws apply, the data controller of your personal information is the same as your contracting entity. For contact details, please see section O. HOW TO CONTACT US below. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your privacy settings with the applicable platform, but would typically include basic public profile information such as:Your social media user name, nickname or usernameYour social media profile pictureCountryCompany name (if applicable).Third parties that are engaged by us to provide verification services,such as conducting suitable money laundering, fraud and Know Your Customer checks on Buyers and Sellers. The processing activities of these third parties marketing platforms are governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy (please refer to section F COOKIES below);  payment service providersthat provide payment processing services. For example, if you are a registered member, certain data will be retained for a length of time following termination or deletion of your account, in order to comply with applicable laws [(for example, if a court order is received about your account, we would retain your account data for longer than the usual retention period when an account is deleted)] or in case of disputes. If you are a Visitor from the European Economic Area or UK, please refer to section J. VISITORS FROM THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA or UK below for more information. Session cookies use encrypted data to authenticate you. We also use Cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of Platform visitors to enhance the experience on our Platform by researching visiting patterns and conducting interest-based advertising; assisting our partners in tracking user visits to the Platforms; and to track progress and participation in promotions and the success of our email marketing campaigns. We use first- and third-party Cookies for these purposes. We use  this information to help us to improve and optimize our Platform and its  security.aliexpress.comhttps://www.aliexpress.com_ga,_gat,_utma,_utmb,_utmc,_utmt,_utmzGoogle  Analytics (please see below for further information)https://policies.google.com/privacyhttps://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usageTo refuse these Cookies, please follow the instructions below  under the heading "How can I control Cookies?"Personalization /  Advertising Cookies:These Cookies are used to  make advertising messages more relevant to you. Please be aware that if you choose to block Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on Cookies may be lost. The data controller of your personal information isAlibaba.comSingapore E-Commerce Private Limited(incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. Our legal basis to process for processing your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. You can exercise this right by clicking on the unsubscribe or opt-out link in the marketing e-mails we send you to opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under section O. HOW TO CONTACT US below. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. This may also include inferences we draw from the other information we collect. You have the right torequest a description of the categoriesof personal information about you that we have collected, used, disclosed or sold in the prior 12 months. We will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information or otherwise permitted by law. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity, including by asking you to verify information about your use of the Platform. Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. L. VISITORS FROM BRAZILThis section applies if you are based in Brazil. Your data will be stored in the United States. Please also note, if you are a Buyer, Sellers will also act as a data controller of personal information about and your Platform purchases and communications with them. If we collect and use your personal information based on our (or a third party's) legitimate interest, that interest will generally be to operate our Platform and services, manage our relationship with you and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate business interest, for example in responding to your inquiries, improving our Platform and services, conducting marketing, or for the purpose of ensuring the security of our Platform and services and detecting or preventing illegal activities such as fraud. M. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATAIn connection with providing the services through our Platform, we will store your personal data processed through the Platform in the United States, Russia, Germany, China and/or Singapore, depending on the country you are located in. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal information are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such as standard contractual clauses or other mechanism provided for in the applicable law.