We are committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your information. We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Notice at any time. In order to purchase on our Sites and receive our special deals and personalized offers, you must register through the Sites as a Zulily member and provide us with personal information, including your name, email address, physical address, and phone number. When you use our services, you may also provide payment account information (e.g., credit/debit card information, bank account number), photographs in which you may be recognized, and other information about yourself. Information collected from third-party partners: We may collect information about you that we receive from third parties, such as our service providers and advertising and marketing partners. We also may share information about your activities, including what you view and purchase on the Sites, with that social media platform, in accordance with your account settings with us or your social networking service, or with your permission. Please visit the third parties' respective privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and controls they make available to you. When we share your personal information with our Affiliates, we require them to use your information in a manner that is consistent with this Notice. We do not permit our service providers to use your personal information for their own marketing or other commercial purposes without your consent. We may disclose your personal information to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights, interests, or property of Zulily and our Afliates; (ii) protect the safety and security of our customers or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with applicable law or legal process. Interest-Based Advertising
Zulily uses the information you make available to us when you interact with our Sites, content, or services to provide you with advertising and offers that are more relevant to you. The advertisements may be based on information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies from our Sites, emails/communications and on other third-party websites you visit and mobile applications you use that participate in our advertising networks. Visitors to our Sites can choose not to provide the personal information needed to register as a Zulily member, however, they may not be able to use all of the Zulily services. If you refer others to us using our email functionality, please note that they may choose not to receive any promotional emails from us in the future by following the opt-out instructions in the email invitation. If you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our website, including the Sites themselves, may not function properly or remain accessible to you. You may opt out of the collection and use of your information by some advertising networks as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section of this Notice. In order to verify your identity, you must enter the email address and password associated with your Zulily account. At this time, we only respond to browser-based opt-out signals sent through the Global Privacy Control (GPC). If you choose to opt out as a member and successfully sign in to your Zulily account, we will associate your opt-out preference with your Zulily account and with the browser you are using at the time you opt out. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a person under the age of 18, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If we use personal information in a manner that is materially different than described in this version of this Notice, we will obtain your consent if required by applicable law. If preferred, you may write to us at:
Zulily, LLCAttn: Privacy Inquiry2601 Elliott Avenue, Suite 200Seattle, WA 98121
California Privacy Practices
This section ("CCPA Notice") explains how Zulily collects and uses the personal information of California consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together, "CCPA"). Under CCPA, a "sale" potentially includes other uses or disclosures of personal information to third parties outside Zulily in a commercial context (unless an exception to "sale" as provided by CCPA exists). Examples of these vendors include payment processors, fraud prevention services, and shippers. We do not treat these disclosures as sales. Zulily may disclose the following personal information to our vendors: identifiers; demographic data; purchase history, and payment information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; professional or employment-related information; your preferences and inferences about your interests; and individual records. Generally, we do not assign monetary or other value to personal information. Sign in
Sign In
receive emails with our daily offers
Email
Password
forgot password? By signing up, you agree to Zulily's Terms & Conditions, Our Use of Cookies, Arbitration Program and Privacy Practices. Sign in
Country & Currency
cancel
done
search