We are committed to ensuring the best level of protection for your data, in accordance with the EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 regarding the protection of natural persons in regard to the processing of Personal Data, the General Regulation on Data Protection (GDPR) along with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) of 2018.By navigating our site, you agree to accept our Policy for the Protection of Personal Data. For this reason, the data that we collect may include your strictly personal data, in that it allows you to be identified as a specific person. This Policy for the Protection of Personal Data is intended to present the following terms to you:Who collects your data?What are the personal data collected?What are the rules for collecting the associated data?Why are these data collected?How are your data protected?What are your rights and how do you exercise them?If you disagree with any of our terms, you have the choice of: no longer navigating on our site, changing your choices by clicking here or exercising your right to request removal of your data. These data are divided into 2 major categories:The data received directly from you when you set up your account or during interactions with
our customer service department, or changes to your profileThe data that we automatically collect through your activities on the site
Data received from the user Data automatically collected The mandatory or voluntary nature of the data is reported to you at the time it is collected: title, last name, first name. Plug-ins and social media modules Our site uses plug-ins or social media modules. When you connect to our sites with your Facebook account, Back Market can access some information that you have given Facebook in order to offer you a personalized social network experience. The personal data may be given to companies - sub-contractors - which Back Market uses in the scope of the processing of services and orders, especially management, execution, processing and payment as defined in this section. by software tools
and telephone and email assistance services, located in the United States and/or Puerto Rico
and trained by us. The package tracking solution Kronos, which allows us to recover information on delivery
status. Prior to transfer outside of the European Union, Back Market implements any
procedure required to obtain the guarantees necessary for the security of such transfers (specific
clauses, anonymization of data). If you do not want to receive Back Market offers and information, you can opt out of mailings by notifying it when you set up your account, or at any time by specifying in the Personal Info/Newsletter heading of My Account , where you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails. You can personalize newsletter mailings and manage the subscriptions to newsletters that you want to receive when you set up your account or by going to the Newsletter section of My Account. You can manage alerts or end them by going to the Alerts section in My Account.be informed of the possibility of selling your equipment to one of our reconditioners. Other data of a personal nature are transmitted - only to Trusted Shops - if, at the end of an order, you have opted to use Trusted Shops products or if you have already registered for this use. To exercise your rights regarding the fight against fraud, all you need to do is contact:At Back Market: Electronically to legal@backmarket.com or by mail to Back Market, Service
Juridique/Responsable Donnes Personnelles, 152 Boulevard Macdonald, 75019 Paris, giving your last name, first name, email address and, if possible, your customer reference number. We invite you to view the policies for the protection of personal data of the social networks to more closely acquaint yourself with the information that is collected by the social networks and which may be transmitted to Back Market. Due to your use of Back Market services (sites) or your affiliation with a Back Market social network page, Back Market is likely to receive information concerning you, notably your public profile and your interests, communicated on the social networks, or other data that you may authorize Back Market to process by navigating on its sites or by continuing to use the services offered on the platform (see above paragraph concerning the data collected). Back Market ads connected to your profile and to the information that you publish or share (you interests) may be distributed on your social network pages. It is for this and other reasons that we use cookies or similar tracing technologies to identify and personalize our services and ads, notably to access your account, manage your order cart, memorize your views and personalize the offers we make and the information we send you. Cookies allow you to benefit from our personalized advice and to stay informed about our promotional offers. A response will be sent within 1 month from the receipt of the request. If necessary, this period may be extended by two months, depending on the complexity and number of requests. To exercise your rights regarding the fight against fraud, see the clause Fight against Fraud, above:
In accordance with the Regulations on the Protection of Personal Data, you have the following Specific Rights to:disclosure or access (Article 15 of the GDPR and Cal. data portability (Article 20 of the GDPR and Cal. Code  1798.120 and 1798.135(a)-(b).)post mortem directives (Data Protection Act No. Your right to portability of your Data should not impede the rights and liberties of others. Back Market
will then no longer process the Data, unless it can demonstrate that there are legitimate and
imperative reasons for processing that prevail over your interests, rights and liberties, or will retain
them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. In the case of a request for deletion of your Data and/or in case of the exercise of your right to request removal of your Data, we may nevertheless retain them under temporary Archived form for the period necessary to satisfy our legal, accounting and tax obligations and especially to prevent possible illegal behavior after the deletion of your account (reuse of your old account by a third party), in accordance with Article II-3 of this Confidentiality and Privacy Protection Policy. At any time, you can also request not to receive further ads or adapted marketing in the navigation
information of your Terminal, by contacting us directly and for free, or via the unsubscribe link included in all marketing material that we are likely to send you by email. Code  1798.100(d) and 1798.130(a)(2).),opposition to processing and profiling (Article 21 and 22 of the GDPR),Opt-Out Right for Personal Information Sales(Cal.