Back to Amazon.com
Forums
Account
Sign in
New to Woot? - Sign up
Your Account
Stuff You Bought
Customer Service
Feedback
All Deals
Home & Kitchen
Electronics
Computers
Tools & Garden
Sports & Outdoors
Shirt
Grocery & Household
Clearance
Woot
What is Woot? Privacy Policy
Woot Privacy Policy
The privacy policy explains how, why and what we do with the data we collect from you. If you have any questions
about the policy, you're always welcome to email
privacy@woot.com and ask. Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 1, 2023
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. Woot.com LLC and its affiliates ("Woot") are subsidiaries of Amazon.com Services LLC. As such, the collection and processing of your personal information through Woot and any related services (together, "Woot Services") are subject to theAmazon.com Privacy Notice and the Woot Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures below (collectively, the "Woot Privacy Notice"). By using Woot Services, you are consenting to the practices described in the Woot Privacy Notice. Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose. The personal information that Woot disclosed to the third parties identified in the "Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?" Your Data Rights:You may have certain data rights under the California Privacy Rights Act or Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by Woot, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact Customer Service or email us atprivacy@woot.com. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. To ensure the security of your Woot account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you do not have an account, or if you are an authorized agent under the California Privacy Rights Act, email us atprivacy@woot.com. In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, Woot has not sold any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure. For example, we retain your transaction history so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevance of products and content we recommend. California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement. Woot will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act. Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act De-identified Data Disclosure. Woot may use de-identified data in some instances. Woot either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law. Please contact Customer Service or email privacy@woot.com if you are a California or a Virginia resident and you would like to exercise one or more of the rights described above. Company Info
About Us
Careers
FAQ
Feedback
Customer Care
Customer Service
Woot's Return Policy
Product Warranty
Product Recall Notices
Write Us
Community
Facebook
Twitter
Forums
Everything But Woot
Blog
Developer Portal
Boring Stuff
Woot Affiliates
Terms and Conditions
Prop 65
Privacy Policy
Vendor Resources
The Fine Print
Woot.com is operated by Woot.com LLC. Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot.com LLC. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy. Woot logos, site design, & content  Woot.com LLC 2004-2023.