You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.0User Private PolicyThe personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:SecurityWe strive to protect your personal information. Your primary account information will be uploaded to https://api.flamingo.shop/. For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any personal information you enter into registration forms on the Application. To prevent and investigate fraud and other illegal activities; We collect Information automatically collected through the Services, such as browser type, evice information, operating system and account setting information for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction; Log-in data for risk control and fraud reporting; Billing address to verify payment information. You may not use another persons account or password. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect. To exercise your rights, you may make updates within your customer account on the Site or App, or you may contact us our dedicated Privacy Center . If you do not want us to use your email account to send you marketing emails or non-transactional promotional materials, please directly click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email messages to you or contact us at our dedicated Privacy Center .Lodging Complaints. Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled. We do not use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable these cookies as set forth below. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services. This enables us to understand your preferences and to show you personalized advertising even if you are currently surfing on another website that also participates in the same advertising network. We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes. California Privacy RightsThis section applies only to California residents. For more information about the personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use it, please refer to section 1 above. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We do not sell your personal information as that term is generally understood but we recognize that the CCPA defines personal information in such a way that making available identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a "sale." Use of an Authorized Agent to Submit a Request . The definition of personal information (used interchangeably in this Privacy Policy with the term "personal data") depends on where you are a resident. Personal Information does not include data that has been effectively irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us or others, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you. Information that we receive from third partiesWe may receive personal information about you from social media platforms if you choose to register for a Platform account via a social media account. COOKIESThis section explains how we use cookies and similar technologies (we'll refer to them collectively as "cookies") to recognize you when you visit our Platform. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). We also use cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of Platform visitors to enhance the experience on our Platform by researching visiting patterns and conduct interest-based advertising; assisting our partners to track user visits to the Platforms; and to track progress and participation in promotions. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, visit:the Google Help pages and Privacy Policy: Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy; and he Google Analytics Help Center:https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage The IP address that your browser will pass on to Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data stored by Google. We will advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal information are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such as standard contractual clauses.