Skip to main content
Earn $20 rewards on $60 sitewide
Clip your mystery deal! By interacting with Walgreens through our stores, websites, mobile applications, and any other Walgreens affiliate websites where you may interact with Walgreens, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. For California and Virginia residents, there is an "Information for California Consumers" and an "Information for Virginia Consumers" section in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you use our mobile application, your device may share precise location information when you enable location services for our application. We use cookies to provide features and services, such as:Remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your username less frequently;Presenting information that's targeted to your interests, including Walgreens content presented on another website;Measuring the effectiveness of our websites, services, content and advertising; andProviding other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies. A "Web Beacon" is an electronic image placed in the code of a webpage, application, or email. A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on your computer or device using Adobe Flash technology. We may use your information in a variety of ways, including for the following purposes:Product and Service FulfillmentWe use your contact information to respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests and improve your experience. Legal Compliance and As Necessary or Appropriate Under Applicable LawWe may use your information as necessary or appropriate under applicable law, to comply with legal process, to respond to such requests from public and government authorities (including law enforcement), to enforce our terms and conditions, including investigations of potential violations, to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and to allow us to pursue available remedies to limit the damages that we may sustain. In matters involving claims of personal or public safety or in litigation where the data is pertinent, we may use personal information without your consent or court process. Please see the "Information for California Consumers" and "Information for Virginia Consumers" for additional information. If you participate in a loyalty program component which permits you to connect your loyalty program accounts with websites, application and devices, including non-Walgreens partners and their websites, application and devices. Notwithstanding the uses and disclosures set forth above, Walgreens may use or disclose personally identifiable information gathered under one of its loyalty programs for improving health, health research, or with your consent. If you are logged in to these social media websites while visiting our services, the social media plugins allow the relevant social media websites to receive information that you have visited our services or other information. These third parties may collect information about your use of our services over time and that information may be combined with information collected on different websites and online services. These third-party advertisers may be participants in the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, which allow users to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies. We do not take responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by other websites. In the 12 months prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, we shared and we may continue to share the following categories of CA Personal Information with third parties who are considered "service providers" as defined under California law since we disclose CA Personal Information to them for our business purposes. In the event of sale, merger, or acquisition, customer information (including CA Personal Information) generally is one of the transferred business assets, as is permissible under law. You may stop our disclosure of your CA Personal Information to these entities for their use for secondary purposes by opting-out of the sale or sharing of your CA Personal Information. In addition, you have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information and appeal our refusal to act on your request. We provide a substantive response to your request as soon as we can, generally within 45 days from when we receive your request, although we may be allowed to take longer to process your request under certain circumstances. We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge, but we may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information in certain situations. If you would like to designate an agent to act on your behalf, you and the agent will be required to provide us with proof of the agents identity and proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit a request on your behalf. Depending on the type of request submitted, if you are matched to a high degree of certainty your request will be processed as follows:		(a) Access request: Your access report will include the specific pieces of CA Personal Information not otherwise subject to an exception pursuant to law that we match to you. (d) Profiling Opt-Out request: Your CA Personal Information will be opted out of automated processing, such as prescreened credit card offers, unless otherwise subject to an exception pursuant to law. If you fail Lexis Nexis identity verification, but successfully complete phone and/or email or postal address verification you proceed to part two of the process in which we will attempt to match the data provided in the request form to the data we maintain. To the extent you provide CA Personal Information in connection with programs such as myWalgreens, additional information about the terms applicable to those programs, including our use of CA Personal Information in exchange for the applicable financial incentives, can be found in the terms and conditions for those programs and in the Notice of Financial Incentive section above. As a Virginia resident, you have the right to ask us for and access, including in a portable, readily usable format, any or all of following types of information regarding the VA Personal Data we have collected about you:Specific pieces of VA Personal Data we have collected about you;Categories of VA Personal Data we have collected about you;Categories of sources from which such VA Personal Data was collected;Categories of VA Personal Data we sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you; andThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your VA Personal Data.