Enable Accessibility
Save up to $700 on outdoor furniture + FREE shipping on all patio pieces, sets & gazebos. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
We know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and
your ability to make informed choices about the use of your information is
important to us. We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references,
is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer. Audio and video information; smart devices: Our locations may use cameras and other smart devices for asset
protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic
patterns, keeping our Clubs clean and safe, and protecting and improving
our services. These devices may collect information about you. Note, we might not be
able to provide you with certain services, including your continued
membership, if you choose not to provide us with the information
requested. For example, we might collect certain transaction-related
information, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device information
(for example, device identifiers, operating system and version,
application version, language region, and time zone, among others),
advertising identifiers, your general location, your browser type, the
website that referred you to us, if any, the items you view or place in
your shopping cart on BJs Sites, and movement taken through BJs Sites. When you access BJs WiFi, we may also automatically collect information
from your mobile device, such as the devices Media Access Control (MAC) address, its association to specific wireless access points (which can
be used to approximate your location, including proximity to a BJs Club),
date, time and duration of use, device type and operating system, and the
amount of bandwidth used. You
can stop us from collecting your devices GPS by changing your Location
Services preferences. INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND SIMILAR
TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are pieces of information that any website may transfer to your
browser that are then stored in your computers system and that allow BJs
Sites to recognize you if you return to the Sites using the same computer
and browser. See the section titled What Choices Do I Have? Pursuing our business purposes,
including but not limited to by conducting data analysis and detecting,
preventing, and responding to actual or potential fraud, illegal
activities, or intellectual property infringement. Please note that when you interact with a third party, including our
Member Service Partners, those third parties privacy policies, not BJs,
govern any such third partys use of the information they collect. However, no information system can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. We use Google Analytics to measure the use of our BJs Sites and our BJs
Sites traffic. Choices Regarding the Use of My Information
You can opt out of receiving Promotional Material from BJs via email,
text, phone, or direct mail marketing, or from the sharing of your
information with Member Service Partners and certain other thirdparty
business partners for marketing purposes. Write our Member Care department at the address listed in the section
titled How Do I Contact BJs? You may update, review, or correct your BJs account information by:
Accessing your Online Account via the Sign in link on the
BJs.com home page by clicking on the
subscribe/unsubscribe link. INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN UNDER 16
BJs Sites are general audience websites and are not targeted to children
less than 16 years of age. YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents of California, Connecticut, Virginia, Colorado, and Utah have
certain rights concerning the processing and use of their personal
information. Submitting a Rights Request
If you wish to exercise the rights listed above, and are a resident of a
state that provides such privacy rights, you may submit a request by
emailing
privacyrequests@bjs.com or by
calling us at 800BJSCLUB (2572582). We are required to provide you with access to your Personal Information or
delete Personal Information only in response to verifiable or
authenticated requests. We may also contact you to request
additional information in relation to your request. The information you
provide must match the information we have in our possession. Opting-In after Opt-Out
If you have opted-out of the sale or processing of your Personal
Information for profiling or targeted advertising, you are welcome to opt
back in at any time. Through our Programs, consumers may
provide us with any or all of the categories of information in the What
Information Do We Collect? We do not
calculate the value of customers information for our accounting
statements. Miscellaneous
Please be advised that your access to or use of any BJs Sites or Clubs
constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by BJs Terms of Use
located at
BJs.com/termsofuse. ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY ARISING IN ANY WAY BETWEEN BJS AND YOU
ARISING OUT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE FEDERAL
ARBITRATION ACT (FAA) AND DELAWARE LAW (WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE
OF LAW PROVISIONS), ALL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION
PROVISIONS OF BJS TERMS OF USE (DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS).