Last Updated: January 1, 2023
Prior Version| PDF Copy
Welcome
Thank you for shopping at an Albertsons Companies Store! While we would love you to read this entire privacy policy (please do, we spent a lot of time drafting this), we know that you may not have time today. While we dont regularly provide the information we capture in the parking lot to law enforcement, insurance carriers, and other third parties, from time to time we may be asked to do so. As members of your community, your store may also have package storage lockers and other kiosks that support your delivery and entertainment needs. To do this, we may need your name, email address, phone number, home address, and billing information to get you your items. This information is most often used to fill your prescriptions, provide you with health care information or services, or contact you with questions and respond to your inquiries about our pharmacy Services. When you come to pick up your prescription you will be asked to verify either your name and birthdate or the name and birthdate of the person for whom you have authorized to pick up the prescription. We collect this data to better understand you and your journey with us as a shopper, offer personalized deals, and help us make better business decisions and continuously improve. Whether you are dealing with a missing product, not entirely satisfied with your experience, or have other comments or questions, you can reach our customer support center by phone, chat, or sending us a message online. For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for customer support, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing. If you interact with these third-party sites by sharing or posting, that information may become public, and the third-party sites may also gain knowledge about you and your participation in our eCommunity. You can then choose to provide other details (or instruct wearable device operators or mobile app providers to provide additional details) such as certain contact information, health data, activity data, and information about your lifestyle to maximize the app and take advantage of other features (like earning rewards for your health and wellness path). For example, you can join our loyalty program, use seamless checkout, place orders online, subscribe to delivery services, participate in contests, sweepstakes, and promotions, join our eCommunity, and more. Personal Data you provide to us about others
You may also provide us information about family members, friends, or others, such as when you provide the name and contact information for someone who will pick up your groceries, pick up or refill prescriptions, or when you send content from the eCommunity to others who may find it interesting. Provide you with newsletters, articles, product or service alerts, new product or service announcements, savings awards, event invitations, and other information. As permitted by applicable laws including for enforcing ourTerms of Use,other agreements and policies
back to top
Data Sharing
In order to provide our grocery and pharmacy services and all of the other things that we have outlined in this Privacy Policy, we do share some of your Personal Data. We may disclose your Personal Data to our service providers to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise, resources, or scale. Disable Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts. The information we have collected and process depends on what services and interactions you have had with us (e.g., if you havent signed up for a FreshPass, we wont have FreshPass information). As permitted by applicable law, we do not treat De-identified data or Aggregate Consumer Information as PI and we reserve the right to convert or permit others to convert your PI into De-identified or Aggregate Consumer Information. Improving our Services such as the way offers are made for our Services based on the purchasing decisions of our customers and improving the interactions visitors have with our Services. Verifying and validating your identity or otherwise preventing, investigating, or providing notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Data, and our website or data systems. In determining what constitutes an appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, and whether those purposes can be achieved through other means. California resident candidates, current and former employees, and independent contractors click here. California resident business to business click here. provides you with Rewards (i.e., Gas Rewards and Grocery Rewards) for your eligible in-store and online purchases. Internet/Network Activitysuch as IP address, activity logs, browsing history. Inferencesdrawn from one or more of the above, including a consumers shopping history, that reflects a consumers shopping preferences. Please note, for your safety and security, we will require authorized agents to provide proof of the consumer's consent and designation of the authorized agent for the purpose of making the request and will require authorized agents to provide information necessary to verify the identity of the consumer who is the subject of the request. To request the above information, please e-mail us at:privacyoffice@albertsons.com.or write to us at Albertsons Companies, Inc. Attn: Albertsons Privacy Office, 250 Parkcenter Blvd.