Scope, data controller, data protection officer and definitions
1.1. Data processing on websites of other PUMA entities within the PUMA Group are not covered by this Data Processing Information. Applicable Data Protection Law means any applicable laws and regulations in any relevant jurisdictions relating to privacy or the use or processing of per-sonal data, including the GDPR, and any consequential national data protection legislation, in each case, to the extent in force, and as such are updated, amended or replaced from time to time. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Controller means the natural person or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law. Somerville, MA 02145
Email: usprivacy@puma.com
Privacy contact: usprivacy@puma.com
For App users and customers within Canada, the PUMA Affiliate responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
PUMA North America, Inc
455 Grand Union Blvd. We process your personal data accordingly for business processes, for the initiation, performance, and recession of contractual relationships, upon legal obligations but also for upholding contractual relationships, for offering and delivering products and services, as well as for strengthening our customer relationship, which includes analysis for performance and marketing purposes. In case your consent is asked for accordingly, we will inform you about the purpose of the data processing and your right of withdrawal. This includes you customer account, receiving tailored product recommendations, personalised discounts, etc. Provision of the App and feedback
When you use the App or provide feedback on the App, PUMA SE will process personal data from you to run the App and to guarantee its usability, stability and security. Log files also help us to optimise the functionality of the App, con-trol server and storage capacity and improve our services towards you. Your log file data is not used for marketing purposes in this context. The data stored in log files is deleted after 90 days at the latest. When you use the store locator, PUMA SE will ask you to access your geoloca-tion to display stores that are close to your current location. You can change your permissions in your App account settings or in your devices sys-tem settings. You can withdraw your consent in your App account settings. Further information about the use of Cookies is available under cookie notice of App. Our use of cookies is primarily based on our legitimate interest in data processing; in most cases, however, we obtain your consent in advance, which you can of course with-draw at any time via the privacy settings. Which data is processed is determined by the respective context, but can include the following purposes:
Registration and management of a customer account
User authentication
Purchase and payment of products
Purchase and payment of digital gift cards
Product reviews
Instagram social tagging
Customer care
Marketing communication (subscribers)
Marketing communication (non-subscribers)
Order management and order fulfilment
For App users and customers within in India, further information about the processing of your personal data is available under India Privacy Notice. For App users and customers within in the USA, further information about the processing of your personal data is available under: US Privacy Notice. This allows us to provide you with more relevant content, offers, recommendations and communication tailored to you (e.g. we may display selected products we think you will be most interested in). The retention periods may accordingly last up to ten years. In addition to this, we only transfer your personal data if we are legally obliged to forward such data (e.g., to the police authorities within the scope of criminal investigations or to the data protection supervisory authorities). This data processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. As far as links to websites of other providers are available, we have no influence on their contents. There-fore, no guarantee or liability can be assumed for these contents. The respective provider or operator of these sites is always responsible for the contents of these sites. The linked pages were checked for possible violations of law and recognizable infringements at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not recognizable at the time of linking. Changes to this
Data Processing Information
The provisions of this Data Processing Information shall apply in the version in force at the time this App is visited, and the service is used.