binocularsunlockgiftshopping baggoogle-elfSign In
Skip to Main Content
Menu
Sign In
or
Register
Join Beauty Squad
and Start Earning Reward points
New
All New
Halo Glow Beauty Wands
Lash N' Roll Mascara
Suntouchable SPF Spray & Whoa Glow
Squeeze Me Lip Balm
Virtual Try On
Skin Care Finder Quiz
Best Sellers
All Best-Sellers
Makeup Best Sellers
Skin Care Best Sellers
Brushes & Tools Best Sellers
Top 10 Viral Products
Under $7
Under $15
Holy Grail Collections
Camo Collection
Putty Collection
Holy Hydration! Collection
Halo Glow Collection
What's Trending
Pride Month Essentials
All Over Glow Collection
No Makeup, Makeup
Featured
Award-Winners
Value & Gift Sets
Minis & Travel Size
Promotions
Eyes
All Eyes
Eyeshadow
Eyebrows
Mascara
Eyeliner
Eyeshadow Palettes
False Eyelashes
Eye Primer
Eye Concealer
Lips
All Lips
Lipstick
Lip Gloss
Lip Balms & Treatments
Lip Liner
Face
All Face
Face Primer
Foundation
Concealer
Blush
Highlighter
Powder
Bronzer
Setting Spray & Powder
Contour
Color Correct
Palettes
Foundation Shade Finder
Primer Finder
e.l.f. Cares
Community
Sustainability
Cruelty-free
e.l.f. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully so that you understand how we will collect, use, and process your personal information, and the rights you may have in relation to your personal information. Beauty brand provides products or other services to consumers in your country), please see the EU/UK Privacy Addendum for additional information about our privacy practices and your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK GDPR (as applicable, the EU/UK GDPR). We use your personal information for one or more of the following legitimate business purposes:
to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. We use this information to:
fulfill your requests and orders for products;
take payment from or give you a refund;
help us ensure that our consumers are genuine and to prevent fraud;
manage and keep your order history (including by adding to your account if you have one);
send you personalized offers, shopping ideas or other marketing materials;
enhance your shopping experience while on our websites or mobile applications by showing you personalized content; and
run analytics, statistics, and research. For more information on cookies, see "Cookies and Traffic Data" section. Identifiers and other information that we collect when you publicly mention us on social media platforms, including:
social media handle;
photos and/or video; and/or
any comments, replies or responses mentioned in your post. Social Media
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. These advertising companies serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated website, and some of those ads will be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on personal information collected about your visits to our websites and elsewhere over time. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about visitors to our websites (data related to the users device/browser, IP address and on-site activity). For additional information regarding our corporate affiliates or other brands, please visit elfbeauty.com. From there, you can update, correct, or modify that personal information (other than your order history)you will need to update, correct, or modify your personal information in each of your accounts with our brands as changes in one brand account will not automatically update your other brand accounts. If you wish to access any personal information that is not contained in your relevant brand account profile, if you do not have an account and wish to access your personal information, or if you wish to submit a correction or deletion request, please submit your request using the relevant Privacy Rights Request Form linked below, writing to us at the address provided in the "Contact Us" section, or calling us at (888) 315-9814. Beauty brand that you are exercising your Virginia privacy rights, so that we can process your request in an efficient manner. We will request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf (or that you otherwise directly confirm the agent has permission to submit the request) and will need to verify your identity. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Withdrawing Your Consent for (Opting-Out of) Promotional Emails
If you do not wish to receive email communications from us about special offers and promotions, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the messages you receive. Please note that if you turn off cookies that are not necessary for the operation of our websites, your browser or device is set to reject cookies, or you manually delete cookies, some or all the features and functionality of our websites may not function properly (including features we add to our websites in the future). Cosmetics, Inc. 570 10th Street Oakland, CA 94607 ATTN: Legal Department RE: Privacy Info
Keys Soulcare
Webform
www.keyssoulcare.com/contact-us.html
Phone
(212) 239-1530
Weekdays 9:30am-5:30pm ET
Email
customercare@keyssoulcare.com
Writing
Keys Soulcare c/o e.l.f. In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this California Residents Privacy Addendum, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities and third parties in connection with corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures. If you wish to request that we do not sell or share your personal information, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the Exercising Your California Privacy Rights section of this California Residents Privacy Addendum. Please note that if you are a member of one of our loyalty programs and you request that your personal information is deleted, you will be removed from that particular brand loyalty program. If you wish to request that we do not sell your personal information or share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please click the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info/Opt Out of Targeted Ads in the footer of the applicable website. You can request a copy of the instruments we use by contacting us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Us"
section of this EU/UK Privacy Addendum. If you wish to access, correct, or modify any personal information that is not contained in your account profile (or if you wish to know the purposes for which your personal information is processed, the categories of data processed, third party recipients, if any, of your personal information, or third party sources, if any, of your personal information), please contact us using the contact information detailed in the Exercising Your EU/UK GDPR Privacy Rights section of this EU/UK Privacy Addendum. Please note that if you purchased products from us through eShopWorld (as noted in the International Orders Through eShopWorld section of the Privacy Notice), eShopWorld may also be considered a controller of your personal information and as such you may also need to submit a data protection request directly to eShopWorld as detailed in eShopWorlds Privacy Policy (which can be viewed at https://esw.com/privacy-policy). For your convenience the links for the Privacy Request Form are below:
e.l.f. has eliminated over one million pounds of excess packaging waste.