Menu
Navigation Menu
New
Access My Account, Order History, Lists and more here. Close
Sign In
Sign In to access your account information. We use personal information to provide our Service; to fulfill your requests, process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and materials; to analyze and improve our Service and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in our Privacy Policy. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. Furthermore, if you use a different device, change browsers or delete cookies, you may need to perform the opt-out task again
Cookies Settings and Preferences. This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and brands, including www.grainger.com, www.zoro.com, www.imperialsupplies.com, jobs.grainger.com, and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Policy (collectively, our "Service"). The list below sets out the types of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information. If you provide our mobile applications access to location services on your device, we and our third party providers may collect location data through GPS, WiFi, wireless network triangulation or other methods. We may also approximate your location based on your IP address. Information about fraudulent or criminal activity relating to your account. When you use our Service, visit our branches, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners, automatically collect information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, tracking technologies). Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, , such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. You may set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails. You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies  on Adobes website or by clicking here. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered
Do Not Track. We engage in interest-based advertising and permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect information about your use of our websites and mobile apps over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services you may use, and on other devices and advertising channels you may use. We may also use third party services to collect information about your browser or device, or your online activity on our Service so that we may enhance or personalize your experience, better understand the demographics of our users and how they interact with our Service, evaluate the success of our marketing campaigns, track reporting, referrals and attribution, and similar activities. We do not permit this information to be shared with or used by third parties for their own purposes. We, and our partners, can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices and advertising channels, to perform analytics and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. To learn more about your advertising preferences on Facebook, click here. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service. CHILDRENS PRIVACY
Grainger does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on this Site. If you are a California resident, please click here for additional California-specific privacy disclosures. To submit such a request, please submit a request through our Privacy Portal. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and you should review this page periodically. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser.