Company
Company
All Company
Strategy & Purpose
Governance
History
Caterpillar Foundation
Code of Conduct
Sustainability
Diversity & Inclusion
Innovation
Political Engagement
Global Locations
Visitors Center & Museum
Working Together
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Find a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about Caterpillar and our brands. Additionally, this Privacy Statement does not apply to other information (non-Personal Information) that Caterpillar may collect or otherwise process. Throughout the duration of a customer relationship, Caterpillar reserves the right to request, as needed, other forms of personal information necessary to facilitate the purposes described below. Caterpillar uses personal information in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which the information was originally collected. Caterpillar is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. In some cases, we may use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests of our own or those of third parties, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. In the event that you are interacting with a Caterpillar company that is performing such automated decision making you should receive a specific notice that outlines the details of the automated decision making. You should be aware that it is not a condition of your contract with us that you agree to any request for consent from us. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Will Caterpillar share your personal information? We may have to share your data with Third Parties (as defined below), including third-party service providers and Caterpillar. We will share your personal information with Third Parties for the following reasons:
In order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, where such disclosure is required by a regulatory or supervisory authority, the police or a court of competent jurisdiction;
Where it is necessary to administer the contract with or for you;
For the purposes of auditing, insuring and in the course of seeking advice with regards to our business operations and claims handling; and
Where we have another legitimate interest in doing so. Details of those measures are available on request. How long will Caterpillar retain personal information? To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. What are your rights related to your personal information? We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). What if there are changes to this document? We reserve the right to update this Global Privacy Statement and this appendix at any time, and we will provide you with updated documents when we make any substantial updates. Information about your physical or mental health, or disability status, to ensure your health and safety in the workplace and to assess your fitness to work, to provide appropriate workplace adjustments, to monitor and manage sickness absence and to administer benefits. Which Third Parties may process your personal information? Australia
Updated 07/01/2019
This Appendix to the Caterpillar Global Data Privacy Statement provides additional information about how Caterpillar collects, stores, uses, transfers and otherwise processes personal information in or from Australia. The purpose of this Article to Appendix 4 is to inform job applicants, employees of, owners of, directors of, officers of, medical staff of, and contractors of Caterpillar (collectively referred to as "employees" for the purposes of this Article), of the categories of Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect and the purposes for which we use such Personal Information. We may process sensitive personal data (as defined above) because we have a lawful basis for doing so (including, without limitation, for compliance with a legal obligation, or to protect the security of the data subject, as set out above) and because in limited circumstances, we have your explicit written consent. Under certain limited circumstances, you may be entitled to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you. However, we may refuse to comply with the request if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. We may collect, store, and use the following, which may include or be considered sensitive personal data (as defined above):
Health Information (e.g., prescription records, benefit claims, and the Explanation of Benefits sent in connection with claims) related to, among other things, physical or mental health, disability status, sickness absence, and family related leaves;
Background Information, if and when permitted by applicable laws (e.g., marital status, race, ethnicity, and drug and alcohol testing);
Biometric Information (e.g., thumbprints); and
Trade Union affiliation. We have put in place appropriate security measures to protect the security of your personal information and provide the appropriate level of security for the risk, including measures designed to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. 1, 68167, Mannheim, Germany
Germany
Beatrice Brauchler (DPO)
Caterpillar Energy Solutions Inc.
1750 Breckinridge Parkway, Ste 500, Duluth, Georgia, 30096, United States
United States
Caterpillar Energy Solutions, S.A.
Avenida de los Artesanos 50, 28760, Tres Cantos, Madrid, Spain
Spain
Caterpillar Energy Systems Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
CES (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Room 2-02, CITIC Building Tower A No. 41, Kelurahan Ragunan Kecamatan, Pasar Minggu Jakarta Selatan 12550, Indonesia
Indonesia
PT.