Skip to main content
Menu
End of search dropdown. This Privacy Policy also explains your rights in relation to the personal data that we collect about you. We are IKEA Limited (company number: 01986283) (IKEA) and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. To manage any issues during order fulfilment. Why we do itWe've got to do this to perform our contract with you. You can opt out of these at any time through your account settings. Why we do itWe will do this based on the consent you give us when you sign up to receive these notifications. Please see our Marketing section for more details. Personal data: Your device information, preferences and cookies provided when you browse our website
How we use this personal data:
To tailor your experience online and send you personalised emails (in combination with other information you have provided us or our third parties) so that we can offer you goods and services and promotions, offers and events we think you will be interested in. You can manage your cookie settings at any time. Why we do itIKEA has legitimate interest in understanding our customers and what will interest them for the best customer experience. To combine with personal data that we collect directly from you (including survey responses) with any information that we obtain from third parties in order to classify our customers into segments, using shopping habits information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with our products and contact preferences. Why we do itIKEA has legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from various types of fraud. To administer parking regulations in those car parks which are linked to our Stores. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights. We may also use your data to monitor the use of our website and ensure that our website is presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and your device and setting default options for you (such as language and store location);
It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your personal data in this way. In some cases, we will use your personal data because it's necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation (such as if we receive a legitimate request from a law enforcement agency). This may include CCTV and other potentially identifiable information collected during IKEA's monitoring, detection, crime and safety activities. This allows us to provide a browsing experience which is relevant to you;
in some instances we will send specific offers to our members based on their in-store spend or on a special occasion such as when we know it's your birthday;
measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and our advertising;
carry out limited automated decision making based on the information you have given us when we segment our IKEA Family database to determine which offers that you may be interested in. For information on how we use cookies, please see ourCookie policy. Your rights
You have a number of rights relating to your personal data and what happens to it. You can read more about your rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, in the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioners Office (ICO)https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public. Alternatively, if you have a profile on the IKEA website or have downloaded the IKEA App, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account, or simply follow the unsubscribe link provided in emails you receive from us. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. Please be aware that stopping marketing messages will not stop our service communications (such as order and delivery updates). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, please contact IKEA Customer Support Centre and we will try to address your concerns. However, if you do, we need to know who you are so that we can administrate and secure the Account, enable the functionalities connected to the Account and communicate with you in various matters related thereto. We will send you marketing emails only if you have specifically consented to receiving such messages and you can always opt out by clicking on the link in the bottom of each email you receive from us. The administrator of the Account (which is a person within your company) will be able to see the purchases that you have made on behalf of the company and registered on the Account. The administrator of the Account will also be able to remove you as a registered user.