Please see store details or contact the store for more information. sign in create account
forgot password
Enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Contents
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Disclosure of Information
Social Sharing Features and Third-Party Privacy Policies
Advertising and
Analytics Services Provided by Others
Data Retention and Security
Transfer of
Information
Your Choices
SMS Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
California Residents
Notice of Financial Incentives
Nevada Residents
Contact Us
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. Other Information We Collect
When you access or use our Services or transact business with us, we
automatically collect information about you, including:
Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the
transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and date and location of the transaction. We do not collect any biometric information. In
accordance with your device permissions, we may also collect information about the precise location of
your device. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device
identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites
and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time
spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. Your device may
also include a feature ("Allow Apps to Request to Track" on iOS or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" or
"Opt Out of Ads Personalization" on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain
information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. Data Retention and Security
Data Retention
We keep the personal information we collect about you for as long as necessary
to carry out the purposes in this Privacy Policy or any other notice provided at the time of collection,
such as providing products or services to you, supporting our business functions and operations, enabling
us to communicate with you, providing marketing and personalization, conducting research, making data-driven
business decisions about new offerings, satisfying our legal, tax, regulatory, compliance, or contractual
obligations, and resolving disputes. For SMS messages, text HELP for help and STOP to opt out. Additionally,
you may cancel general promotional messages from PetSmart by texting STOP to 704704 and you may cancel transactional messages
from PetSmart by texting STOP to 26392. You may have the right to request deletion of your personal information
we have collected about you (subject to certain exceptions). In the preceding 12 months, depending on your interactions with us, we may have "sold" or "shared" the following categories
of personal information: identifiers and internet or other electronic network activity information. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will need you to verify your
identity directly with us, and we require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf via a valid power of attorney or other documentation
demonstrating the agents authority to access and control your personal information. The following chart contains statistics about global requests we received from customers between January 1, 2021, and December 31, 2021:
Customer Data Request Metrics:
Request Type
Received
Completed
Unable to Complete*
Avg Response Time (Days)
Access
14
10
4
30.4
Delete
94
86
8
9.4
Opt Out
316
313
3
2
*This reflects the number of requests we were unable to complete due to the following reasons:
The requestor did not complete the necessary steps to verify their identity. When you participate in a financial
incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers
(like your name, email address, or phone number) and commercial information
(like your purchase preferences and interests or purchase history). Must be signed into your Treats account prior to purchase. Transaction total is prior to taxes & after discounts are applied. Terms and conditions of this offer are subject to change at the sole discretion of PetSmart. Certain products and brands are not eligible for sitewide offers or promotions and specifically excludes: select products from The Pharmacy at PetSmart, all Royal Canin and Eukanuba products, all services, give cards, gift certificates, previous purchases and charitable donations. Savings will automatically reflect in shopping cart with purchase of qualifying product and enrollment in Autoship. Offer may not be combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Treats members receive free shipping on select orders over $49.00, prior to taxes & after discounts are applied. Delivery may be delayed due to acts beyond our reasonable control, which may include, but are not limited to, weather, strikes, power outages, shutdowns, local, provincial or federal governmental actions, and other similar acts. Prices & selection may vary in stores & online. See www.petsmart.com/help or store associate for more details. In store pickup available during all store hours. Orders must be placed three hours prior to store closing for same day pickup. Coupon is valid at the issuing store only.