Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2023
This Privacy Policy talks about how CVS Pharmacy, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates which provide services in person at our stores or through CVS.com ("CVS," "we" or "us") may collect information about you, including through your interactions with us:
 In our stores
 On our websites
 On our mobile applications
We refer to these collectively as the "Commercial Services" and our websites and mobile applications as the Online Services. To make it easier for you to find, here are some other CVS Health privacy policies:
 To the extent that patient information is provided to obtain pharmacy or medical services, that information is governed by the CVS Pharmacy Notice of Privacy Practices, CVS Healthcare Practices Notice of Privacy Practices, or the MinuteClinic Notice of Privacy Practices and not this Privacy Policy. Unless you take some action you take to re-identify your de-identified information, we will not attempt to re-identify this information so that it may be associated with you. How we use personal information
We use your personal information to provide you with the Commercial Services and products you purchase from us as well as to provide customer service to you. This may include push notifications in our mobile applications. To protect the Commercial Services and our business operations; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our terms and conditions or this Privacy Policy. We may disclose Personal Information we collect to our service providers or agents who perform functions on our behalf. These may include, for example, IT service providers, help desk, payment processors, analytics providers, consultants, auditors, and legal counsel. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of the information you give to Third-Party Services or how they handle your information. Security
We use reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards. Cookies and other technologies
What are cookies? We use IP addresses to do things like gauge usage levels of the Online Services, help find server problems, and administer the Commercial Services. These are ads about goods and services we feel may interest you based on your access to and your use of our Commercial Services and other online services. You can set your browser to accept or reject cookies, which you can learn more about in the Help section of most browsers. We may make this personal information, including inference information, available to third parties for online advertising purposes (e.g., to tailor digital ads about our products and services) and to provide third-party social network features and functionality on our website and mobile applications. You may have the right to ask us to correct inaccuracies in the personal information we have collected. Right to Know / Delete / Correct:
 ExtraCare account only interactive webform; or
 CVS.com account password-protected web portal (includes ExtraCare, if linked): Sign in here
 1-800-SHOP-CVS (1-800-746-7287)
See Section J for instructions on how to opt-out of sale or sharing. To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, write us at ConsumerPrivacy@CVSHealth.com or call us at 1-800-SHOP-CVS (1-800-746-7287). To learn more about this Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions or concerns, Contact Us. We collect identifiers such as your contact information. We collect information such as your purchasing history. We collect information such as your interactions with our websites or mobile sites, mobile apps, Wi-Fi, emails, communications, content and ads. As part of the CarePass program, including any third-party partners programs you link to your CarePass membership, we may collect the following personal information:
 Identifiers. The value of personal information will vary slightly for each member depending on several factors, including but not limited to your interactions and purchases with CVS, the administrative and technical expenses associated with maintaining the ExtraCare program (e.g., IT infrastructure, customer service, marketing strategy & planning), and the extent to which you take advantage of the programs offerings and discounts (e.g., 2% ExtraBucks rewards for purchases). If you wish to opt out of our sharing of the limited data that is gathered when you visit our websites and other web-based services for purposes of targeted digital advertising as described in Section E, above, you may do so in one of the ways described below. As a result, your opt-out request will be more effective for future visits if you:
 Use the same device that was used to exercise the opt-out request
 Have not cleared cookies from your web browser
 Are not using a private mode in your web browser
 Provide the same personal information that you provided previously
We encourage you to re-submit opt-out requests from any other devices that you may be using to visit our websites, mobile applications and other web-based services. If you sign up and log in to your CVS.com account, we will be able to associate you more easily with your visits to our websites, mobile applications and other web-based services. To the extent you are a resident of Virginia and we collect, use or disclose personal data subject to the VCDPA, the following applies. For more information about the personal data we collect, use and disclose, please see Sections 2-4 above. C. Process to appeal a decision related to your rights
If we refused to fulfill your request to exercise your privacy rights in Section A, you may appeal this decision by contacting us at ConsumerPrivacy@CVSHealth.com.