We Recently Updated Our Privacy Notice
Walmart Privacy Notice Summary
What Does This Privacy Notice Include? What Privacy Protections Apply to Specific Types of Personal Information? What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It? How Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside of Walmart? How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information? How Do We Secure Your Personal Information? How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information? How Does Walmart Protect the Privacy of Children Online? This Privacy Notice describes how we handle your personal information, the reasons we do so, the choices you may have regarding our use of the information, and the measures we take to protect the security of the information. Walmart maintains separate privacy policies for our operations outside of the US. Our specific privacy notices for our specialized operations include:Our health services operations, such as Walmart Pharmacies, Vision Center, and Clinics, use patient health information as described in the health services Notice of Privacy Practices. We collect information from consumer reporting agencies in conjunction with products or services that involve financial risk to Walmart, such as transactions in which Walmart extends you financing. We also receive information, such as device information and browsing information, from third parties for marketing purposes, for example to provide you with personalized ads on Walmart and third-party websites and mobile services. We use your personal information to provide you products and services, such as to fulfill your requests for products or to help us personalize our services and marketing to you. All of the categories of personal information that we collect have been shared with other companies, including those within our corporate family, for a business purpose. When we do, the information will be used in ways that are consistent with this Notice. Service Providers We share personal information about you with service providers that help with our business activities, including shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, marketing and advertising vendors, and companies that help us improve our products and services. Products and Services Offered by Other Businesses We will sometimes enable other businesses to make their products or services available to our customers, such as through Walmart.com Marketplace retailers. Deidentified & Aggregated Personal Information Walmart continually strives to make customer shopping experiences more relevant and with less friction and may offer related services and insights to its suppliers and others. Walmart does not receive payment for this information. Learn more about interest-based advertising. Marketing PreferencesWhen we are sending marketing communications to you, we use the following standards:We use an opt-in standard for automated phone and text messages, and for sharing personal information with companies outside our corporate family of companies for their use in direct marketing of their products, such as sending you promotions for their products. Opt-out means we may contact you, but will stop upon your request (as described below). It may take up to ten days to process your requests related to email and up to 30 days to process your requests related to telephone calls, text messages, app notification and sharing information with your consent. See your device instructions to learn more about these settings. In addition, we may offer you controls on our use of your mobile location information. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. Please contact us via the Who Can I Contact at Walmart About the Privacy Notice section below. You can delete your user account within our mobile apps at any time. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.