Get paid to shopCitiesStoresServicesLog inLog inSign upGiftGet paid to shopCitiesStoresServicesBlogAbout usHelp
Shipt Privacy Notice
This privacy notice was last updated on
January 1, 2023. We may change or add to this Notice, including updating this Notice
or creating additional policies in order to accurately reflect changed
circumstances or new legal requirements, so we encourage you to review
it periodically. This Notice does not apply to third-party sites linked from our
Services or to services offered by other companies or individuals,
including products or sites that may be displayed to you. Transaction-Related Information - Dietary
preferences (if relevant to your purchases), driver's license or other
identity document (for certain purchases, such as alcohol), date of
birth, electronic signature, photos of the drop-off location for any
delivered goods, orders placed, order ID number. Social Media
If you interact with us on any social media platform: (i) depending
on your social media privacy settings, the Personal Information that you
submit on the social media platform may be read, collected, or used by
us as described in this Notice, and (ii) where we respond to any
interaction with you on social media, your account name/handle may be
viewable by any and all members or users of our social media accounts. We use cookies to personalize visitors experiences on the Services, provide content that we believe may be of interest, track visitor trends and patterns, engage in marketing and advertising, and otherwise analyze the Services traffic. Analytics can be used to collect information such as IP
address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country
information, date and time of page visits, and which pages you visit the
most. Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be linked
together and once linked, may identify an individual person. If we do
combine non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined
information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it
remains combined. In that event, the information
is no longer considered Personal Information and may be used for any
purpose consistent with applicable law. Public Data Shipt may collect data about you that we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you. How Personal Information is Used
Shipt (or service providers acting on our behalf) may use Personal
Information to:
Support the shopping and delivery process, including fulfilling
orders, processing payment, verifying eligibility to buy certain
products, communicating with Members and Shoppers and providing customer
service to users. Allow you to access the platform or specific features of the
platform in connection with your geolocation but if you do not want
your mobile device to provide us with location information when
you access the platform, please follow the instructions in the Your
Choices section below. Enforcing our agreements and defending or advancing legal
claims. Performing other functions as otherwise described to you at the
time of collection or to which you otherwise consent. Shipt may also disclose your Personal Information to our Retail
Partners as part of our agreement with the Retail Partner. This information is used to tailor online
advertisements to your perceived interests (based on the behavioral
information collected about you) and to provide advertising-related
services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. This includes disclosing your Personal Information to
governmental entities or third parties in response to subpoenas, court
orders, other legal process, or as we believe is necessary to comply
with applicable laws, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against
legal claims that have been brought against us, or to defend against
possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be
brought against us. Factors we consider in determining
these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed
by law or to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information
was collected. If you are seeking employment with Shipt and a California resident, please refer to the Shipt Job Applicant Privacy Notice for details on how prospective employees Personal Information is collected, used and disclosed, including with respect to California consumers. You
may choose to exercise your right to opt out of the sharing of your
Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing
purposes, free of charge, at any time by filling out this form or submitting a request to
privacy@shipt.com. B. California Consumer Privacy Act
This section supplements the other information in this Notice and applies solely to consumers as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended from time to time, and its related regulations (the CCPA). IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email
providers, business application providers, hosting providers, managed
services providers, and ITconsultants
Online analytics and marketing/advertising service
providers
Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and
auditors)
Retail Partners who use our Services
Shoppers who we use to provide our Services
Sensory data
Audio recordings, voicemail, orsimilar information. Commercial information: Records of transactions and other purchasing histories. In the event we deny a request for this reason, we will inform the consumer that we are not complying with the request and provide an explanation of why we believe the request is fraudulent. Criteo works through the use of a web pixel on
Shipts website that will collect electronic information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your request. You may only make a
verifiable consumer request for access twice within a twelve (12)-month
period, provided that you may request disclosure beyond the 12-month period as permitted by the CCPA. Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods
or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. In the event Shipt declines to take action regarding your request, you may appeal the decision by contacting Shipt at: privacy@shipt.com.