Enable Accessibility
Press TAB key to skip to content
Help Center
Rakuten.com
How It Works
Sign In
Join Now
Help Topics
Earning Cash Back
Your Big Fat Check
About My Account
More Features
Technical Support
Terms and Exclusions
Company Information
Contact Us
Privacy Policy and Notice of Personal Information Collection
1. Note that we only use this sensitive information to provide the Services to you and we do not collect, use or disclose this sensitive information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. You can change Inbox Data settings as provided in Section 4 (Your Choices). To Provide You Marketing Information
With the exception of Inbox Data, Company may use information we collect about you to provide you more personalized offers, special offers, discounts, and/or more relevant offers from our participating merchants via email and other direct communications, and through digital advertising. If you choose to use our referral features, we will ask for your referrals email address to send them an electronic communication inviting them to join our Services. For example, we may partner with other companies to provide you member support services, authentication services, prevent fraud on our Services, process payments, administer our promotions, referral programs, sweepstakes, and surveys, perform analytics, maintain the accuracy of our databases, deliver direct marketing and communications, limit delivery of repetitive or unnecessary marketing or communications, facilitate your gift card purchases, fulfill your product purchases, place and fulfill your takeout orders, and administer your rewards or payments. In such cases, our disclosure to certain of these Affiliate Partners could be considered a sale or sharing of your personal information as those terms are defined under applicable U.S. state privacy laws, and the opt-out we offer to consumers in Section 5, below, would signal these Affiliate Partners to not collect or use your information from our Services except as necessary to validate and provide your Cash Back. We may use the results from these tests in an aggregated and deidentified manner to improve our Services and to market our Services to merchants and business clients. This information disclosure about your behavior in our Services may be considered selling, sharing, or processing for targeted advertising under applicable U.S. state privacy laws, so we provide an opt-out opportunity in Section 5, below. If you signed up for cash back through our sister company, ShopStyle, Inc. (ShopStyle), we may provide ShopStyle with certain transaction information so that you can view your rewards summary on www.shopstyle.com. If you select loyalty points or other alternative methods of receiving your Cash Back, you are directing us to disclose your personal information, as necessary, to the relevant financial partner to facilitate that transaction. Some of these third parties may also use this collected information to draw inferences about you for their own purposes or separately collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites (in addition to our Services) to help predict your preferences and to display (and enable other third parties to display) ads to you that are more likely to be of interest to you. We may also disclose information in the categories of Identifiers (email address), Commercial Information (product metrics), and Internet and other Network Activity (except Inbox Data) to our affiliates within the Rakuten Group for those corporate affiliates to analyze and monitor usage and trends to improve their services and websites and for strategic planning purposes at the Rakuten Group level. Our opt-out and delete request functionality will serve to remove you from these disclosures. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails and other types of communications, as permitted by law, such as service emails relating to our ongoing business relationship. Service emails contain service-related announcements that affect your account, such as product order confirmations, reward or payment updates, and responses to your comments and feedback submitted to us. Mobile Application Notifications
When using our mobile application, your preferences for receiving push notifications and other mobile alerts can be configured in the settings of your mobile device. You may opt out of such messages by removing your mobile number in your account preferences or replying STOP to any incoming messages. Inbox Linking
You may unlink an email account from the Service by updating or switching off the connection in your account settings. Because the browser extension and mobile application permit data about your online behavior on that device or browser to be collected when installed, even without interaction, they must be uninstalled to withdraw your consent to this data collection. You also have the right to request to access (receive a copy of) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you (note that we will not provide any sensitive personal information we may hold in response to this type of request). You have the ability to correct information provided by you in your account Settings located at https://www.rakuten.com/my-account.htm once you log in to your account. You may submit an appeal request by contacting us at https://www.rakuten.com/help/other-questions and selecting Data Privacy under the dropdown menu. We will respond according to the law applicable in your location. California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Some of your information may be retained in our systems even after you request your information to be deleted if an exception applies, or in order to comply with our obligations under applicable law, collect fees owed, resolve disputes, enforce our legal rights, undertake any investigations necessitated by the foregoing, or otherwise use internally in a lawful manner that is reasonably aligned with your reasonable expectations or compatible with the context in which the information was provided. We have implemented technical and organizational measures to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal information that we process. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by revising the date on this Privacy Policy. Updated: December 22, 2022
Related Articles
Exclusions & Limitations
Terms & Conditions
How to Earn Cash Back? Discover even more deals with Cash Back
Start earning Cash Back at over 3,500 of the biggest stores and specialty boutiques.