Help CenterHelp CenterRECENTLY VIEWED ARTICLESMacy's/Help CenterMacys and macys.com Notice of Privacy PracticesThis Notice of Privacy Practices (Notice) was updated in January 2023.This Notice applies to Personal Information collected, processed, or stored by and between Macy's, macys.com, Macys Backstage, and Market by Macys. Your Personal Information will be retained only as long as necessary to carry out the purposes outlined in this Notice. Below is a summary of the primary ways we collect and use information:Primary Reasons for Data CollectionUsesProduct and Service Fulfillment (Fulfillment)Fulfill, manage, and communicate with you about transactions. Fraud Prevention, Security and Compliance (Security)Protect our assets and prevent fraudulent transactions. Offer you additional products or services that may be of interestBack to TopSafeguarding InformationMacy's, macys.com, Macys Backstage, and Market by Macys have implemented procedural, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard the information we collect and use. This information is either automatically collected or is customer-initiated. Information From Other SourcesWe may provide and receive information about you, with or from our service providers and vendors. For more information on Global Privacy Control, please visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org/.XX..Website Optimization ServicesMacys shares data with Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics to understand and optimize website performance and enhance website usability for our customers. These companies compile information from various online sources (including mobile-enabled browsers and apps) to match user profiles with ads we believe will be relevant, interesting, and timely. X.XX.Video CamerasWe use cameras in our stores for security purposes, loss prevention, and asset protection. VES does not include phone answering machine messages. Back to TopManaging Your PreferencesThis section details how you may exercise your preferences regarding any Personal Information Macys may collect about you or your communication preferences. You will receive a confirmation text that you have opted out. Operational emails (e.g., shipping confirmation or product recall information) do not provide an opt-out option. If you would like to disable cookies please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our websites. Please note that you will be opted out of all interest-based advertising from all companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliances WebChoices and/or AppChoices customer choice tools for that specific browser on that specific device. California Privacy Rights Act: You have the right to request information about how Macys collects, processes, and shares your Personal Information. These options do not apply to publicly available information from government records nor to deidentified or aggregated information. Upon verification of your request, Macys will notify third parties to whom Macys has shared your Personal Information to delete your information as well. Right to No RetaliationMacys will never discriminate nor retaliate against you if you choose to exercise any of these privacy rights. We reserve the right to require customers to confirm their requests and/or identity. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information RequestsYou may submit your request through the following methods:Online via our privacy portal: https://www.macysprivacyportal.comClick to request we Do Not Sell or Share your Personal InformationBy phone at 800-920-3588You can also change your online tracking preferences by using the Cookie Preferences link located at the bottom of the macys.com homepage and updating your Privacy Settings in your Macy's mobile apps. We will use the information provided to match the identifying information we have to verify your identity before processing the request. The purpose of the Star Rewards loyalty program is to encourage repeat business with Macy's and enhance your shopping experience. We also offer customers a discount promotion code for signing up for marketing emails. Right to Opt Out of Automated Decision-Making (VA Residents Only)You have the right to opt out of automated decision making, including profiling, against any information Macys has collected about you. Parents can review the information collected, opt-out of communications from Macys, and have all personal information deleted at any time, including their childs photo, by contacting us at: [emailprotected].The Santaland experience uses the following service providers in relation to children below the age of consent:Google Analytics to better understand your use of the site and improve it. Data collected is used solely for this purpose and is not shared with any other third parties. PRIVO is a leading privacy solutions expert and an FTC-approved COPPA Safe Harbor with an identity and consent management platform. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority, and arrange for the product to be delivered to you.