Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling personal and financial information about you. This Capital One Shopping Online & Mobile Privacy Practices Policy (Policy) describes Capital One Shoppings online and mobile privacy practices and applies to anyone who visits our website (www.capitaloneshopping.com), uses our browser extension or any of our mobile applications ([collectively, our Services]), or visits Capital One Shopping-branded social media sites or pages. Information that you provide to Capital One Shopping when you enroll in, use or obtain a product or service from us to be used primarily for personal, family or household purposes is also governed by a separate notice entitled Capital One Shopping Privacy Opt Out Notice. For example, if you visit or access your accounts from the www.capitalone.com site, please review the online privacy practices of that website to understand how your online information may be collected, used and shared. By using any portion of our Services, you agree to the Terms of Service and conditions of this Policy. This information may include your name, email address, username and password, account access tokens, retail account log-in credentials, credit card information, phone number, billing address, mailing/shipping address, zip code, whether you have a Capital One account, or other information that identifies you. If you download and use our browser extension, we may collect browsing, product and e-commerce information, including but not limited to product pages viewed, pricing information, location data, purchase history on various merchant websites and services, the price you paid for items, whether a purchase was made, and the coupons that you used (including information regarding whether or not a coupon or coupon code is valid or effective). Capital One Shopping may also use cookies and other online tracking devices such as pixel tags and clear GIFs (also known as web beacons) to collect Online/Mobile Activity Data from you depending on your browser settings. Cookies are small text files that a websites server places on your computer. Capital One Shopping may also partner with certain third parties to deliver advertisements and monitor activities on our own website and other websites. The bodies of these select emails are then retrieved, decrypted and reviewed to notify you of potential savings opportunities. When you interact with our partners, you are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. How We Use Information
We may use Personal Information and Online/Mobile Activity Data we have collected for a variety of reasons. For example, we may use this type of data to:
provide Services to you, including monitoring your purchases, bookings, receipts, claims, and returns, and responding or updating you on inquiries or to contact you about your accounts;
initiate and facilitate claims on your behalf as your agent, and communicate with you and third parties about your claims; and/or
recommend savings opportunities on future purchases based on purchase behavior at monitored Merchants. Online Tracking & Advertising on our Site or Apps
As you access our online Services over time, cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons allow us to collect information such as browser type, pages visited, preferences, and your relationship with us. However, if you choose, you can set your website browser to inform you when cookies are sent or you may choose not to accept cookies. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that may be of interest to you. By turning off ad tracking or location tracking on your mobile device, you may still see the same number of ads as before, but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests. If you prefer that our partners not display such advertisements to you, you may opt out by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info/choices or by clicking on the AdChoices icon in an advertisement and following the instructions. or other tools provided by the publishing platform. Email
If we send you an email advertisement, it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving such emails in the future. Instead forward it to us at [emailprotected] then delete it. Push Notifications
You may opt out of push notifications or in-app messages at any time by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device settings. Updating Your Information
Keeping your account information up-to-date is very important. Our service is not intended for, nor targeted toward, children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are using our Services from outside the United States, please be aware that information collected through our Services will be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the United States. These procedures are for your protection. If you suspect a website is pretending to be a Capital One Shopping website (also known as spoofing) do not enter personal information but instead contact us at [emailprotected]. Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [emailprotected]. 2023 Capital One ShoppingPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceHelp CenterCapital OneGet Capital One ShoppingBlogTrending DealsResearchSitemap 2023 Capital One ShoppingCapital One Shopping gets you better offers and applies the best coupon code at checkout, automatically.