Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement explains how SOUTHSTAR(HONG KONG) LIMITED (ZAFUL we, us, or our) collects,
uses, and
discloses your personal information in connection with its operation of the ZAFUL ecommerce platform. Personal
information also includes anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or
indirectly identify you. You may, however, also visit our site anonymously. We use the information you provide to us for the specific purposes for which you provide the information, as
stated at the time of collection, and as otherwise permitted by law. The information we collect from you may be
used in the following ways:
 To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
 To improve our website and your shopping experience (we continually strive to improve our website offerings
based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
 To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service
requests and support needs)
 To process transactions including executing your payments and delivering the purchased products or services
requested. To administer a contest, special promotion, survey, activity or other site feature
 To send periodic emails. Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with
a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. ( Your rights
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to
receive your personal information in a structured and standard format and, where technically feasible, the right
to have your personal information transmitted directly to a third party. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe. You are responsible for your own username and password safety and security on ZAFUL. We recommend choosing a
strong password and changing it frequently. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) across
multiple websites. That said, we do implement a variety of security measures including offering the use of a secure server. After a transaction, your private
information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) Our servers and website are security scanned and fully verified externally by McAfee Secure from Symantec on a
daily basis to protect you online. This enables the sites or service providers systems
to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The
reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. The information generated by the Google
cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on
servers in the United States. Google will not associate your
IP address with any other data held by Google. For example, when you share content using a social media sharing button such as Facebook or Twitter, the social
network that has created the button will record that you have done this. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our
services may not function properly. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? This does not include
trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, executing payments,
delivering purchased products or services, sending you information or updates or otherwise servicing you, so
long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These
third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or
liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of
our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Contact Us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or if you have a question or a complaint
about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us via e-mail: Support@zaful.com. GDPR Representative
Rechtsanwalt Dr.Jrg Brettschneider
Brettschneider Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Am Sandtorkai 44
20457 Hamburg
Deutschland/Germany
Phone: (+49)40/33 39 67 05
(+49)151/18 10 80 80
Fax: (+49)40/35 67 48 81
E-Mail: desk@ecomvat.com