loading...
Incentive Coupon
New Buyer Coupons! Privacy Policy
Welcome to DHgate, your reliable online platform. By your use and access of the Site, you accept this Security and Privacy Policy. What personal information do we collect?You may choose to use or access our Site without revealing any personal and transactional information about yourself, but you will need to register and create an account in order to make a purchase or take advantage of certain features and functions, including, but not limited to, Save for Later and Address Book. When you create an account at DHgate, you can choose to save your billing information in My DHgate. Cookies and Other Computer InformationWhen you visit the Site, you will be assigned a permanent cookie (a small text file) to be stored on your computers hard drive, mobile phone or other device. These features include storing your shopping cart for later use and providing a more personalized future shopping experience. Each browser is different, so check the Help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. None of your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address, etc.) will be received by or shared with these third parties.4. Publishing InformationWhen you submit any information on the Site during your use or access, including, but not limited to, information on the DHgate blog, the rating system, or product catalog, you are deemed to have given your permission to DHgate to publish such information, and DHgate and the Site hereby enjoy an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide and royalty-free, sub-licensable license to use all information provided by such user to exercise the copyright, compilation, database and publicity rights any user has in such material or information, in any media form. We may also share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. You can modify or delete your personal information at any time. No Customer Service Associate or any other representative of DHgate will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. You may change it at anytime by going to My DHgate. Log in with your email address and password, then click Change Name, Email & Password and enter a new password. If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of the terms of this Agreement, do not use the Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your information and privacy, we do not promise or guarantee that your information will always be private and safeAdvertising/Direct MarketingExcept to the extent you have already opted out or in future opt out, we may also use your personal data for the purpose of sending you direct marketing (whether by messaging within our services, by email or by other means) that offer or advertise our products and services and/or the products and services of selected third parties. Please note that we will not share your personal data with any advertisers unless you have given us your consent to do so. For the avoidance of doubt, this consent is separate form and independent of your services registered with us. Accordingly, it can be withdrawn at any time as per this Policy without reference to the duration of the services, and will survive the termination or expiration of any applicable service contracts. If you wish to exercise the abovementioned rights, or if you have any enquiries about our processing of your Personal Data, please contact our [Privacy Officer] via email at [manager@dhgate.com] or via postal mail at [legal@dhgate.com] (attention: [Privacy Officer], [Legal Department]). This Security and Privacy Policy applies only to activities conducted and personal information collected on the Site. You are solely responsible for your use and access of other web sites. DHgate will obtain your consent before allowing the download of any software from the Site, and DHgate will not automatically download any software to your computer system. You understand and agree that any material, including but not limited to downloaded software, required or automated updates, modifications, reinstallations, or software otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that may result from any such material. Online Service
Need more helpHere is how to get in touch
Online Service
Back to Category |
Back to Top
Bookmark & Share
Any questions or suggestions ? China Wholesale | Security & Privacy | About Us | China Manufacturers | Seller Home | Blog | Best Sellers | Customer Service | Terms of Use | Russian | Portuguese | Italian | Spanish | French | German | Turkey |  | 
|Nederlands
|Polski
|Svenska
|
|Ireland
| Local Warehouse
Copyright Notice  2004 - 2023 DHgate.com All rights reserved.