Ir al contenido principalMercado Libre Argentina - Donde comprar y vender de todoPrivacy notice and data confidentiality of Mercado LibreLast updated: February 6th. By making responsible use of personal data, we not only protect the privacy of those who entrusted their data to us, but also allow them to operate safely and confidently in our ecosystem. In order to be able to provide you with its services, Mercado Libre processes, collects and in some cases discloses information about people who, like you, are users and visitors of the websites and/or mobile apps listed here (the "Platforms" and the "Services", respectively). To find out which company(ies) is/are the controller/s in your country of residence, please refer to the Annex on that country. Information that we collect from other sources:
Data collected for fraud prevention purposes and compliance with information regimes (PEP and OFAC lists, etc.) In these cases, we request your express consent to process it. The collection and processing of your Personal Data allows us to provide you with an excellent service so that you can carry out operations quickly and safely and offer you functionalities that best adapt to your needs. Consult and report positive and negative data in credit risk centers, carry out business and/or credit risk verification tasks, analyze the feasibility of entering into or maintaining a business relationship, and prepare profiles for credit analysis purposes. Foster your fidelity through a benefits program. Collaborate with private entities representing collective interests with a collaboration agreement to facilitate the resolution of disputes. As a consequence of this process, we may send you personalized communications, or show them to you within our platforms, when we believe they may be of your interest. For this reason, they may only use the personal data of other users obtained on the site for: (a) purposes related to transactions on the Mercado Libre platform, (b) using services offered in Mercado Libre (for example: deposit, insurance, shipping or logistics and fraud claims), and (c) any other purpose to which the corresponding user expressly consents once the legally required information has been previously communicated, or any other purpose authorized by local laws. Mercado Libre does not control, store or have access to the messages and content sent by users through means other than the Websites, so it does not assume any liability for any damages that its use may cause. The applicable regulations give you certain rights over your personal data, which you may consult as specified in the annex for each country, such as: (i) access; (ii) update; (iii) rectification; (iv) the cessation of unwanted advertisements, offers and promotions; (v) erasure; (vi) withdrawal of consent; (vii) confidentiality; and (viii) automated decision review. We also use them so that the user does not have to enter their password so frequently during a browsing session, also to account for and corroborate the registrations, user activity and other concepts for commercial agreements, always aiming at the installation of the Cookies, the benefit of the user who receives it, and which shall not be used for purposes other than Mercado Libre. You can change your cookie preferences from the Privacy section or from your browser. Without prejudice to the provisions of the Privacy Statement, you can also make inquiries and/or exercise the rights of access, to rectification and erasure of Personal Data by postal mail to Avenida Caseros 3039, Piso 2, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, zip code: C1264AAK. Who is responsible for the processing of Personal Data? 830067394-6, and headquartered at Carrera 17 No. 93-09, 3rd floor, Bogot D.C., Republic of Colombia, who is responsible for the processing of personal data we collect from you. Such Services are provided through the Platforms www.mercadolibre.com.co, api.mercadolibre.com, www.mercadopago.com.co, api.mercadopago.com and their mobile versions: mobile.mercadolibre.com.ar, mobile.mercadolibre.com, login-mobile.mercadolibre.com, frontend.mercadolibre.com, and mobile.mercadopago.com. In the event of a conflict between the main text of the Privacy Policies and this appendix, the provisions of this appendix will apply for users and visiting users residing in the Federative Republic of Brazil. 03.007.331/0001-41, and (ii) MercadoPago.com Representaes Ltda., Automated decisions and profiling
Subject to clause 13 of the Privacy Statement, you may also exercise your right of access at any time to know what Personal Information has been used as part of the relevant decision-making and, if applicable, the right of rectification where you consider that any Personal Data used is inaccurate or incomplete. How can you exercise your rights to control your Personal Information? If you do not want your personal data to be processed for the aforementioned secondary purpose, you may refuse your consent at this time by sending your request through the form indicated in Section 13 of the Privacy Statement. If your request is accepted, we will respond within fifteen (15) business days from the date we communicate our response. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
The Privacy Statement and this Mexico Addendum shall be governed by the laws of the United Mexican States. In the collection of addresses, distribution of documents, advertising, commercial prospecting, sales or other similar activities, data may be processed that are suitable for establishing specific profiles for promotional, commercial or advertising purposes; or that make it possible to establish consumption habits, when these are contained in documents accessible to the public or have been provided by the owners themselves or obtained with their consent. and the responsible for the personal data we collect about you is: Mercado Libre Costa Rica S.R.L., located at Centro Empresarial Forum, Edificio C, Oficina 1 C 1, Pozos de Santa Ana, San Jos, Costa Rica.