Privacy Policy - Uplift
how to Uplift
our partners
become a partner
travel supplier
retail
hospitality
travel agency/advisor
Search
Menu
Menu
English
Francais
English
English
sign in
Privacy Policy
Effective: May 17, 2023
1. Scope and Purpose of this Privacy Policy
2. We also use it to set out our policy and commitments regarding data collection, use, and sharing for websites and applications that use the Uplift Service and reference this Privacy Policy, offer Uplifts Pay Monthly, use the Uplift JavaScript tag, the Uplift Software Development Kit (SDK) and/or the Uplift Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), collectively (Site or Sites). Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, scripts and Local Storage Objects may be used by the Uplift Service to deliver content, remember your settings, better understand how our visitors navigate through the Site, learn what content is being reviewed, and administer the Site. If a web browsers settings are set to delete, or not to accept cookies, some of the Services features may not work at all or to their fullest potential. For example, when you access a Site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser or mobile device sends whenever you visit a website or app. Based on the nature of your request, we may also ask for additional information, such as how you anticipate you will make use of our Service and how you learned about us. How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To provide, personalize, improve, and promote our Sites or Service, and to develop new products and services;
To conduct research, monitor and analyze usage and trends;
To communicate with you, including for service-related purposes and marketing purposes, and to respond to your requests or inquiries;
To enforce this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, and other terms you have agreed to, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Sites, Service, or any other person; and
Future underwriting. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other types of misuse. Please consult the privacy policies on these sites before you provide them with any of your personal information. However, third parties (including affiliate networks and other advertisers we partner with for in affiliate network marketing programs) may serve content and advertisements, collect information directly from you when visiting such third-party websites, and place or recognize cookies on visitors browsers. For example, this section does not apply to personal information covered by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the California Financial Information Privacy Act (CFIPA), or the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected. You may submit requests to exercise your right to information, access or deletion using this form, by calling us toll free at (844) 257-5400, or via email to privacy@uplift.com. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?Your choices will apply to everyone on your account. DEFINITIONSAffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. QUESTIONS?Call (620) 396-8221 or go to www.cbwbank.com
WHO WE AREWho is providing this notice?CBW BANK
What We DoHow does CBW Bank protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. Why cant I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
-Sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes  information about your creditworthiness
-Affiliates from using your information to market to you
-Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. 1/2015
FACTSWhat does Celtic Bank do with your personal information?Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. This information can include:
-Social Security number and income
-Account balances and payment history
-Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice
How?All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. You can also change some of your preferences. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.