Skip to main content
The 99 has the LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEED! Please review the following Privacy Policy that tells you how we collect, use and share information we collect online through our 99 Cents Website,www.99only.comand the 99 App (collectively, the Site"). By using this Site or submitting information, you signify your full, complete, and unconditional agreement and assent that we may use and disclose your information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You can browse our Site without providing personal information to us. 99 App users can choose whether or not to share their location with us by making the selection on their mobile device. Your employment application information is submitted to the third party who then provides it to us. Automatically collected information and cookies. We automatically collect information when you visit the Site, including your devices IP address, and statistics about how you use the Site. These cookies may stay on your browser into the future until they expire or you delete them. We allow selected third parties to place cookies through the Site to provide us with better insights into the use of the Site, user demographics, and/or to provide relevant advertising to you. Childrens Privacy
This Site is not designed nor intended to be attractive to use by children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. You can choose to delete or block cookies by setting your browser to either reject all cookies or to allow cookies only from selected sites. Sharing your information
We may reveal information about you to unaffiliated third parties: (1) if you request or authorize it; (2) if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Site Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection, etc.); ( We do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for other sites or their privacy practices. If we make material changes, we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date on this Site. We will ask you for information that allows us to reasonably verify your identity (that you are the person about whom we collected personal information) and will use that information only for that purpose. By way of example, we are not required to comply with a request to delete information if the information is necessary for us to complete a transaction for you or otherwise perform a contract; to detect, protect against, or prosecute security incidents, fraud, or illegal activity; to use the information only internally in ways reasonably aligned with your expectations as our customer (such as maintaining sales records); and to comply with legal obligations. We will not discriminate against you as a result of your exercise of any of these rights. If you are a California resident over the age of 16 and would like to instruct us not to sell your personal information, please visit our Do-Not-Sell web page here[link]. If you request that we not sell your information, we will honor your request within 15 days, will notify those who received your information in the 90 days before your request to not further sell your information, and will notify you when this has been completed. Auditing relating to transactions;
security detection, protection, and enforcement;
functionality debugging/error repair;
ad customization;
performing services for you;
quality control. Service providers (such as payment processors, employee benefits partners);
government regulators;
law enforcement. Audio, video or similar information (customer service calls, security monitoring)
Individuals submitting information;
information we collect for security purposes. Security detection, protection, and enforcement;
performing services for you;
internal research and development;
employee and vendor management / administration;
legal compliance. Inference from the above (preferences, characteristics, behavior, attitudes, abilities, etc.) Attention Nevada Residents
We do not transfer personal information for monetary consideration. Standard message rates apply, consent not required to make a purchase, reply STOP to unsubscribe and receive one, sad confirming text. Sign Up Now
Join and agree to the usual hoo-ha of terms & conditions. or
99 Your Inbox
Email
Zip Code
Yes, send me emails, the 99-ier the better!