Collection and Use of Personal Information
As used in this Privacy and Security Policy, "Personal Information" means personally identifiable
information such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card information, screen name
and email address. Harbor Freight uses this
information to process your orders, to ensure proper delivery, to better assist you when you visit or call us as
well as to improve our product and service offerings. Non-Voluntary Information; Personalized Advertising
(a) General Tracking Information. A cookie is an element of software
code that Harbor Freight Sites can send to your browser, which is then stored on your hard drive so we can
recognize you when you return. Should you decide not to accept cookies from our Sites, you will limit the
functionality we can provide when you visit our Site. On occasion we may provide this
aggregate information (which shall not include personally identifiable information) to vendors, investors,
potential advertisers, or news agencies to demonstrate the amount of interest in our Site and to help us plan
for technical infrastructure requirements. By signing up for Harbor Freight Text Message Alerts by texting COUPONS, DEALS, HFT, JOIN, OFFERS, SAVE, SAVINGS,
SHOP, TOOLS, or TOOLS2 to 34648 or by providing your mobile number through Harbor Freight's website, you are authorizing
Harbor Freight to deliver recurring informational and marketing text messages to the number(s) you provided, including
by using an automatic dialing system, even if the number is listed on any do not call registry. Depending on your text plan, you may be charged by your carrier. What if I do not want to receive any further marketing messages? After texting STOP to 34648,
you may receive one automated text message to confirm you have been unsubscribed. Participating carriers may change from time to time, but currently include Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint,
T-Mobile, Boost, Virgin Mobile USA, and Metro PCS. This will prevent you from receiving any future marketing
texts from Harbor Freight. Texting HELP will return the following message: Harbor Freight:
Help at cs@harborfreight.com or 1-800-444-3353. Your Mobile Telephone Number
You represent that you are the account holder or the regular user of the mobile telephone number(s) that you
provide and have the authority to consent to joining Harbor Freight Text Message Alerts. Some mobile carriers may not allow participation in the Harbor Freight Alert program. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Termination of Harbor Freight Alerts
Harbor Freight may, in its sole and absolute discretion, suspend or terminate your receipt of text messages
at any time without notice if Harbor Freight believes you are in breach of these Terms and Conditions or have
joined or are using the service for an improper purpose. In addition to how
Personal Information may be used and shared in accordance with this Privacy and Security Policy, Personal
Information gathered solely from the "Harborfreightdonations.com" Site may also be shared with The Smidt
Foundation, Harbor Freight Tools for Schools, LLC, Harbor Freight Tools Foundation, LLC, and each of their
respective affiliates. We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility
or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or
disclose and otherwise treat your Personal Information. When Harbor Freight associates information that it obtains from third
parties with Personal Information collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like
the Personal Information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the Personal
Information will not be shared with third parties. Privacy Preferences/Opt Out
If at any time you would like to be removed from any/all Harbor Freight marketing lists, newsletters, distribution
lists, or the like, you may do so by contacting us in any of the ways identified in the section titled "How
to Contact Harbor Freight". If you do not wish to receive email from Harbor Freight Tools, you may unsubscribe
from our mailing list by using the "Unsubscribe" link on any Promotional emails we send. California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy
and Security Policy called "California Consumer Privacy Statement". Effective immediately, if you are under the
age of 13, you are not permitted to create an account on HarborFreight.com or any of its affiliated
websites. Harbor Freight does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through
the Harbor Freight Sites. We reserve the right to remove any Personal Information from anyone we determine not to be a
United States resident. We may allow certain third parties (such as online
advertising services and social networks) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our Sites for
cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal
information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will takesteps to verify your identity before
granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. Security Limitations
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.