Skip to content
WhutsFree
Get FREE Stuff (no purchase necessary)
Menu			+
expanded
collapsed
Home
About Us
Business
Our Services
Start Today
Publishers
Social Media
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WhutsFree, LLCDraper, Utah
Effective Date: February 10, 2020
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at WhutsFree, LLC, doing business as WhutsFree (WhutsFree, we, us, or our). If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@whutsfree.com. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our App or Site and our services. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE? DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES? WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES? DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the Information described in the section called HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS  below. In addition to personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, we automatically collect some information when you visit our Site or use the App. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your devices settings. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we will use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate the account creation and logon process for the provision of the Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our App and Site safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention). We may use your information to introduce you to Offers or otherwise to provide you with the requested Services, and to respond to inquiries/offer support to other users of our App and Site. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the Offers and our Services, App or Site and your experience. We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose. More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. Affiliates include any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us. To better understand Apples Privacy Policy, please refer to:https://www.apple.com/my/privacy/features/. By using our Maps user interface on your Android device, you agree to be bound by Googles Terms of Service linked to here:https://policies.google.com/terms. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on our App or Site. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the App or Site. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. If you would at any time like to change the information in your account or terminate your account, please direct your request to us at info@whutsfree.com. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our App or Site visithttp://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Opting out of email communications: You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. Access your account settings and update preferences. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California.