GET UP TO 30% OFF, APP ONLY
Support
Ship to
:
/
$USD
Ship to
United States
Currency
$
USD
$
USD
CNY
EUR
GBP
$
CAD
$
AUD
CHF
$
HKD
JPY
p.
RUB
R$
BRL
$
CLP
kr. How DO LightInTheBox Collect Your Personal Information? What Choices Do You Have Regarding LightInTheBox Collection Of Your Information? Click here to see examples of what we collect and our Cookie Notice. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with LightInTheBox. We may use cookies or othersimilar trackingtechnology (collectively Cookies) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Website. You can delete cookies that have been placed. You will have to adjust the settings for each browser and computer you use. We sell merchandise, not information  We do not sell, rent, trade, or license your personal or financial information. In course of payment, information that payment business or financial service may need is collected by affiliates of LightInTheBox. Non-personally identifiable information: We may share information that does not identify you or any user, such as the number of daily visitors to a particular page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date, with third parties such as advertising partners. Protection of LightInThebox and Others:We release account and other personal information as is required by the law toprotect ourselves, our customers or others; enforce or apply ourTerm of Useand other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of LightInTheBox, our users, or others. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. As mentioned, these advertising and promotions is linked to the affiliated website indicated in Examples of your personal information shared with a third party. HOWEVER, YOU MAY CHANGE THE EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION IF YOU ARE RELUCTANT TO RECEIVE ANY PROMOTION OR ADS INFORMATION. Rewards and credit: click the My Rewards & Credit. Your Profile informationon: clik the Account Settings box. You can submit this request through the My Tickets page after logging in. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart or proceed to checkout, or use any of our Services that require you to sign in. We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of our Services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. You no matter as a visitor or a customer, are as a user, entitled to access their own information to confirm whether their personal data are being process or not. However, for the reason of exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, compliance of legal obligations, public interest in public health,archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes, or for legitimate defence. You may request for your personal data provided to us on basis of consent or contract, or the automated processing to a third party under the condition of availability of the technology. Alternatively, the right to object to the automated decision can be exercised via communication with us by the Email of Data protection officer (dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com) or Customer Service. Any questions or requests if you have, you may see the information below to contact us:
Representative: LITB Nertherlands B.V.
Address: Hullenbergweg 278-308, Zuidoost Amsterdam 1101BV Netherlands
Email: dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com
XII.Users From California? Identical to the regulation of GDPR, you shall have the right to request us to delete your personal information that we collected from you under the CPRA, which we disclose to you. We promise we will not conduct unfair trade because of any exercise of rights under CCPA. California users who wish to request further information in compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us at dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com.