Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Skip to Footer (Press Enter)
Your browsers Javascript functionality is turned off. You are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the Compatibility View mode
Your cookies are disabled. Energy-saving Mode
Energy-savingMode
Saving Energy
What's this? With just one click you can reduce the energy used by this website. Whether you're on website or app, just flip the switch! We'll dim the screen throughout the website and remove images where possible for a lighter, faster experience. Offers
Offers
Up To 70% Off + Extra 10% Off Everything!* App Exclusive - Tops 10 & Under + Free Standard Delivery!* NEW IN
NEW IN
View All New In Clothing New In Dresses New In Shoes New In Accessories New In Beauty New In Today Back In Stock Best Sellers
NEW IN BY FIGURE
New In Plus Size & Curve New In Petite New In Tall New In Maternity
Offers
Up To 70% Off + Extra 10% Off Everything!* Shop Now
SUBSCRIBE AND GET AN EXTRA 10% OFF!* ALL CLOTHING
ALL CLOTHING
New In This Week T-Shirts & Vests Graphic Tees Cargos Hoodies & Sweatshirts Denim Tracksuits Shirts Suits & Tailoring
Sets & Co-ords Shorts Swimwear Trousers Joggers Coats & Jackets Activewear Underwear & Socks The MN Collection
SHOP BY FIT
Big & Tall Muscle Fit Slim Fit Oversized Small Sizes
Offers
40% Off Menswear!* Shoes & Accessories
MENS SHOES
View All Trainers & Hi-Tops Sandals & Sliders Shoes & Loafers Boots
MENS ACCESSORIES
View All Underwear & Socks Sunglasses Hats & Caps Bags & Wallets Jewellery & Watches Fashion Masks Belts
Offers
40% Off Menswear!* ADD TO CART
Find out more
Quick links
Track My Order
Help
Returns
Delivery Info
DOWNLOAD THE BOOHOO APP
Hear about exclusive offers, get early access to collabs & quicker checkout
Sign in
/
Register
Wish List
0
Privacy Notice
Here at boohoo.com UK Ltd (boohoo) we are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of your personal data. In the unfortunate event of a personal data breach, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally
required to do so. Technical Data includes information such as: details of the device(s) you use to access our
services, your internet protocol (IP) address, login data, your username and password, browser type and version,
time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. This includes personal data you provide,
for example, when you:
Create an account or purchase products on our website;
Subscribe to our newsletter, discussion boards, social media sites or create wish lists;
Enter a competition;
Join a Boohoo loyalty programme;
Complete a voluntary market research survey;
Contact us with an enquiry or to report a problem (by phone, email, social media, or messaging service);
Use the refer a friend function on our website; or
When you log in to our website via social media. Third parties  we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including:
Identity and Contact data from another individual when they purchase an e-gift card for you or use the
"refer a friend" function on our website;
Technical Data from third parties, including analytics providers such as Google. For example, to process a payment from you, fulfil your
order or provide customer support connected with an order, or
the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or
we have a legal obligation to collect or disclose personal data from you. Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (e.g. to recover debts due to us)
For automated decision making we consider that fraud detection and prevention is in our legitimate interests to ensure that fraudulent transactors are unable to benefit from our services and in the legitimate interest of the public as whole due to the impact of fraud on the consumer market; we also consider it a necessary element of entering into a contract with you that we are able to verify your identity and prevent fraud. If we wish to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Marketing preferences, adverts and cookies
Marketing - your preferences
We may send you marketing communications and promotional offers:
if you have opened an account with us or purchased goods from us, or registered for a promotion or event, and you
have not opted out of receiving that marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below);
by email if you have signed up for email newsletters;
if you have provided us with your details when you entered a competition and you have consented to receiving such
marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below). You will always have full control of your marketing preferences. They help
us to provide you with the very best experience when you browse our website and to make improvements to our website. For detailed information on the cookies which we and our third-party providers use and the reasons why we use them,
please refer to our Cookie Policy. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and a
range of advertising technologies such as web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as
specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebooks Custom Audience Service. In order to opt out of targeted advertising you need to disable your cookies in your browser settings (see
Cookie Policy for details) or opt-out of
the relevant third-party Ad Settings. boohoo does not store your payment information. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. Request access to your personal data
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you and certain information relating to our
processing of your personal data. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if
your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.