Meijer Privacy Policy
Introduction
We collect personal information on our websites and through our various promotional programs including, but not limited to, mPerks, text alerts, email messaging, coupons, and postal mailers ("Promotional Programs"). The following privacy policy (the Policy) applies to the Meijer website located at www.meijer.com (the Site)and all other sites, services, mobile applications, platforms and tools where this Policy appears or is linked (collectively the Sites), personal information we may collect from you at our stores, all Meijer Promotional Programs, and generally to Meijer's collection of personal information. Additionally, your use of the Sites is subject to our Terms and Conditions of Use located at:www.meijer.com/Legal_Notice.cms. We are accountable for complying with these policies and will take reasonable and timely steps to ensure compliance. Personal information is information about you that is not publicly available and can identify you, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. When you visit the Sites, we automatically recognize a variety of information, including but not limited to, your domain name, IP address, your devices operating system, browser type, the address of the web page you're coming from and of those pages you visit on our Sites. When you order goods (including Meijer Gift Cards) available for purchase on our Sites, we collect additional personal information including your name, address, phone number, credit card or other payment information (including account numbers and expiration dates), and "ship-to" name and address, if different than your name and address. We may do this by any or all of the following: cookies, flash cookies, pixel tags (also called clear gifs, web beacons, or web bugs), and/or iFrames. Another way to make ad choices on mobile devices is using the Digital Advertising Alliance's App Choices app, described here:http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. If you change web browsers or devices or delete the cookies on your computer, you may need to opt out again. Disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on our sites and other websites, such as ordering products or services and maintaining an online account. All personal information that we collect may be used to improve our Sites, used to customize the content or layout of our Sites pages for individual visitors, used to notify customers about updates to the Sites, used by us and our service providers to contact customers for marketing purposes, used to communicate with our customers about their orders or accounts (transactional and administrative messages), and used for product recalls. Our strategic partners activities are subject to appropriate confidentiality obligations. We may also share your personal information with third parties to allow us and their other customersto reach specific audiences with advertising and measure advertisingeffectiveness. Oracle: Click here to learn more about how Oracle uses information. Catalina Marketing (Catalina): Please click here for information on Catalinas Privacy policy. Information Resources, Inc. (IRi): Click here to learn more about how IRi uses information. Aggregated data is gathered from many different customers and does not contain any personal information. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities. Our use of your personal information will be consistent with this Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post changes to this policy on our Sites to notify you of these changes. What About the Privacy Rights of Children? That's why we will never intentionally collect information from children under 13, with the exception of email addresses used only for reply purposes. What Security Measures Are in Place with Respect to My Information? While we are diligently working to protect your information, you are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, and misuse. If youve previously opted in to mPerks text messaging, you have expressly consented to (1) having automated text messages sent to the phone number that you provided in your mPerks enrollment until you opt-out of receiving such messages as outlined below; and (2)receiving up to 12 messages per month. Please check with your carrier to see if your carrier is supported and for any message and data rates that your carrier may apply. These features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals. Social Network Widgets and Ad Operations
We use social network services for advertising and marketing. If you do not agree with this Policy or any of its terms, you may choose not to use our Sites or participate in Promotional Programs.