Products
Shipping Protection
Package Tracking
Sustainable Shipping
Extend Lifetime Value
Protect
Track
Carbon Neutral
Engage
Lost, stolen, or damaged packages create unhappy customers. Enhance package tracking, win lifelong customers with Routes state-of-the-art technology. Install now
10x
Your customer engagement. Well outline those topics below and we encourage you to read each section carefully. We collect personal information from four groups of data subjects:
general visitors to, and users of, our online and mobile resources;current members of our workforce and those who apply for posted jobs;our third-party vendors and business partners and affiliates; andour consumer-customers and merchant-customers. Personal Information Collected from Consumer-Customers
When our shipping protection services are activated, whether through the Route App, by choosing them on a merchant website or shopping cart, or by having a merchant provide them to you automatically as part of the benefits they offer, you become our consumer-customer and we may collect from you, or receive from our merchant-customer, the following personal information:
your name and contact information, which may include your phone number. The types of personal information you will be submitting to us in those situations is almost always limited to basic identifiers such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. The same is true if you send us a text message. By not providing us with your personal information, you may limit your ability to take full advantage of the online and mobile resources, but most of the content in our online and mobile resources will still be available to you. For more information on how Google specifically uses this data, go towww.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics by going tohttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. How and Why Do We Use the Personal Information We Collect and Hold? Visitors and Users of Our Online and Mobile Resources
We use the automatically collected personal information described here to compile generic reports about popular pages/features of our online and mobile resources, and to see how users are accessing our online and mobile resources and, in some cases (such as affinity actions), send materials to you. Merchant-Customers, Vendors and Business Partners
We use personal information received from merchant-customers and business partners to communicate with them and satisfy our contractual obligations to them and in such other ways as our separate written contracts with them permit. As part of our Security Program (defined below), we have adopted standards for those vendors and business partners who receive personal information from us, as reflected in our written contracts. Our Data Security Program
We have adopted, implemented, and maintain an enterprise-wide corporate information security and privacy program that includes technical, organizational, administrative, and other security measures designed to protect against reasonably anticipated or actual threats to the security of your personal information (the Security Program). If we are using your personal information to send you marketing materials, such as newsletters or product or service alerts via text or email, you may opt out by following the opt-out instructions in the email or other communication (e.g., by responding to the text with STOP). In addition to opting out, you are entitled to access, amend, and delete your personal information by contacting us using the contact information below. At this time, we do not specifically respond to browser do not track signals. What Did We Collect from California Residents? and When/With Whom Do We Share Personal Information? Rights of California ResidentsYou have the following rights under the CCPA. Right to Knowthe right to request that we disclose to you, specifically beyond the general statement immediately above, the categories and specific elements of personal information collected including the source of the information, our use of it and, if the information was disclosed or sold to third parties, the categories so disclosed or sold as well as the categories of third party who received or purchased it. We have, as required by the CCPA and other applicable U.S. laws such as the New York SHIELD Act, and as a good business practice generally, adopted and implemented a data security program that includes technical, organizational and administrative measures reasonably designed to protect, in a manner consistent with accepted industry standards, the privacy of those natural persons with whom we do business and to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized access to or unauthorized use of personal information we collect. Please check our online and mobile resources periodically for such changes since all information collected is subject to the statement in place at the time of collection. If we feel it is appropriate, or if the applicable law requires, well also provide a summary of changes weve made near the end of the new statement. Complaints
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy statement or privacy practices, you can contact us using the contact information found below. If your compliant requires more detailed consideration or investigation, we will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within a week and endeavour to complete our investigation into your complaint promptly. Consequently, they are responsible for notifying you of their cookie uses and practices. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain on a users device in between browser sessions and remember the users actions and preferences on a website or even potentially across different websites. Cookies are used on our online and mobile resources in order to:
personalize and enhance your experience on our online and mobile resources;track, compile, and analyze your use of our online and mobile resources (including which pages or portions of our online and mobile resources you are viewing and where you are viewing them from); andsecure and optimize our online and mobile resources.