The Childrens PlaceOpen in The Children's Place appOpen
EARN A $5 REWARD
for every 100 points earned while shopping!* Create An Account
skip to main contentWhat are you looking for? Eng0Uniform ShopGirlToddler GirlBoyToddler BoyBabyShoesAmericana ShopAccessoriesMatching FamilySwim ShopShortsClearance
FREE SHIPPING
ON
EVERY PURCHASE 24/7/365
Want to save 15%? Device-Location Information - If you download and use one of our Apps, you may choose to allow the App to collect precise information about the location of your device. This may include, but may not be limited to, name, username, demographic information, updated address or contact information, location, interests, and publicly-observed data. To support this interest-based advertising solution, we, or our service providers (such as ad networks and other advertising companies), may collect and use information about your visits to our Site or App and to other websites or apps (such as web pages you visit and your response to ads), and/or information from your mobile device and email. We will use the information we acquire to help maintain the accuracy of your personal information, understand and improve our product and service offerings, to assist in the selection of store location and otherwise in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Combination of Information
We may combine the information we collect from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect, with information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources. INFORMATION USE
The Childrens Place may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:
To respond to your inquiries, provide you with the Services, provide you with notices about your account, and to contact and communicate with you when necessary or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. Such affiliates and subsidiaries may also act in the role of service provider. We may share information with these third parties as specified at the time of collection of your personal information if you participate in a co-branded, co-sponsored, or jointly presented promotion, contest, survey, voting feature, or service. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms and Conditions, any other legal document or contract related to our Services, or the rights of any third party. In the unlikely event any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may also be transferred as a business asset. You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or App or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Standard data and message rates will apply. When you use the App, you may receive push notifications. You may request access to, or correction or deletion of, your personal information by sending us an email by clicking here, or calling us at 1-877- 752-2387. Select your state of residence and the nature of your request in the drop-down menu. These links are provided solely for your convenience and information. The Children's Place is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. The Site or App may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site to receive data from or about you based on your privacy settings on those third party services. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site and App. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below. Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months. Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, or the sharing of your personal information for cross- context behavioral advertising purposes. Select State Privacy Inquiry in the drop down menu, Access Request  Categories in the reason drop down menu, and include the statement Your California Privacy Rights  Shine the Light in the first line of the message We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you do not have a My Place Rewards account with us and you request access to, or deletion or correction of, your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the following information: home address, telephone number, email address, and/or recent purchase information. For a description of the program, please click here.