Email address
Create your store
Build your dream business for $1/month
Start your free trial, then enjoy 3 months of Shopify for $1/month when you sign up for a monthly Basic or Starter plan. Sign up for a free trial
Select a monthly Basic or Starter plan
$1/month pricing will be applied at checkout
Add products, launch your store, and start selling! For example, we offer Shop to help you track purchases you have made online, and Shop Pay to help you quickly complete a transaction on Shopify-powered stores. When you use these apps, or if you use any of our free business tools, we use your personal information to provide you with and improve the specific service you are using. Additionally, please review our overall privacy policy that applies to everyone whose information Shopify processes. What information we collect about you and why
Shopify collects the following personal information about you when you use one of our apps. We process your personal data in order to perform our contract with you or because it is in our legitimate interests to maintain our business relationship, prevent risk and fraud, provide effective services to you, improve our products and services, and to be responsive to you. In some cases, we only process your personal information with your consent. What we collectHow we use itInformation you provide about yourself, like your name, address, email address, and phone number. To pre-fill your payment information if you are trying to checkout through a Shopify-powered store or choose to pay for a transaction using Shop Pay
To determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods
If using Shop:
Information from email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to
be included in your order history. In order to provide services through Shop (and improve the product), we use automated software to identify shopping-related emails in Gmail or Outlook inboxes that you connect to Shop so that we can display within the app information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information. Note that by connecting email inboxes or transferring emails to Shop, no humans will have access to the content of your email messages unless you specifically allow this type of access. To personalize your experience using our apps and services (e.g., by changing how we may order items that we show you)
In order to access these emails, an independent third party auditor has taken a look at how Shop uses and protects your email information, and has confirmed that we meet Googles standards. Shops use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google Accounts will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements. If you connect your Outlook account, you can revoke Shops access at any time by visiting https://account.live.com/consent/Manage and/or https://myapps.microsoft.com
We do NOT use this information to provide you with marketing or advertising from other stores or services
If using Shop:
Information about your devices precise location, but only when you consent to Shop accessing this information. To provide you with recommendations of stores near your devices location
If using Shop:
Information about purchases you have made through other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, which you choose to connect through Shop. We collect some of this information by using cookies or other similar technologies directly from your device. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy. To provide you use of, and to improve, our apps and services (e.g., identifying ways to make our platform easier to use or navigate)
To personalize your experience using our apps and services (e.g., by changing how we may order items that we show you)
To advertise and market products or features to you
To maintain the security of the service
To detect or prevent fraud or spam
Copies you provide of your government-issued identification. To verify that we are speaking with you if you contact us
To comply with legal requirements
When and why we share your information with others
When you use Shop or another Shopify app to make a purchase, we share your personal information with the specific merchant from whom you make the purchase. When you use Shop to log in or sign up to a merchants website or other offering, we share your personal information with the specific merchant to whose website or other offering you log in or sign up. We also rely on a number of service providers, including our subprocessors, to help us provide you with our services, which often requires us to share personal information. To make a request to access your information or another type of request, please submit a data subject request through our online portal
If you receive newsletters or marketing from us: please click Unsubscribe from the bottom of those emails
For all other services, please submit a data subject request through our online portal
For further information, please see our Overall Privacy Policy. Please keep in mind that after we anonymize your information, we will continue to use aggregated non-identifiable information to improve our services. Please note that some data subject rights only apply in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.