This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes how RaceTrac collects, uses, discloses and safeguards the personal information you provide on the RaceTrac website and through or in connection with our mobile application (the Sites), as well as information collected when you visit our stores or otherwise communicate or interact with RaceTrac. RaceTrac may amend this policy periodically. If we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of the Policy. The personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, home or work address, birthdate, gender, telephone number, debit/credit card information, geolocation data or other personal information. Our retail stores may use cameras and/or video security surveillance systems that may collect audio recordings and your image. We collect personal information when you register for RaceTrac Rewards including first and last name, email address, phone number and birth date. RaceTrac also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from RaceTrac and its affiliates, respond to your communications with RaceTrac, improve our services and features, defend or enforce our rights and Terms of Use, better understand our customers preferences, and for other lawful purposes. For example, we may use partners to assist with our marketing and promotional efforts, such as sending you information about third party products or services that might be of interest to you. Where permitted by applicable law, or where we have your consent, we may also share your information with other parties to extend special offers about their own products and services to you. In some instances, these cookies may be persistent cookies. We do this to provide you with advertising that We believe may be relevant for you as well as improve Our own products and services, including the functionality and performance of the Sites. Links To Third-Party SitesOur Sites may contain links to other websites. RaceTrac is not responsible for the privacy statements, security or other content on websites outside of the RaceTrac and RaceTrac family of Sites. Childrens PrivacyThe Sites intended for a general audience and is not intended for use or view by children under 13 years of age without parental consent, and We do not knowingly collect personal information about children. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using the Sites. Use Of CookiesThe Sites may use different types of "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. RaceTrac may use cookies, among other things, to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a functional cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. Third parties may also use the targeting cookies on our Sites to measure the effectiveness of advertising or promotional campaigns. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. We may share non-personal information obtained from the varying kinds of cookies with vendors, advertisers and others. User-Provided ContentAny information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the Sites by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a Submission) via a medium which is viewable by individuals or entities other than RaceTrac or any services providers or partners is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Sites, and We are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on the Sites. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk. Sweepstakes, Promotions, Contests, And SurveysOn the Sites, you may wish to participate in certain online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that may be offered on the Sites. By visiting any of Our pages that are contained on any social media platform or website, you acknowledge and agree that you have had the opportunity to review the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such website or social media platform and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. You can also complete the user data deletion process in the app by selecting Delete my Account under your account profile.