Effective Date: July 2022
Welcome to the privacy notice for
T.J. Maxx, a division of The TJX Companies, Inc. (TJX). TJX, T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Homesense, Sierra Trading Post, Inc., and other affiliates are the TJX Businesses. This Privacy Notice pertains to the personal information we collect about our customers in our stores, on our websites,
via mobile apps, and through interest-based online advertising. This information may include: payment card or other financial account information; contact, billing, and shipping information (including name, e-mail address, postal address, and phone number); shopping history;drivers license number, military identification or state-issued picture identification;date of birth; geolocation data; andother personal information you provide to us on our website(s), via mobile apps, on feedback forms, in our stores or when you interact with us in other ways, both online and offline. A cookie is a file that a website sends to a visitors computer or other Internet-connected device to identify the browser or to store information or settings in the browser. These automated technologies also permit the
collection of clickstream data, which may include a log of content you access while browsing a website. Opt-out From/Restrict Cookies and Online Behavioral Advertising
Your web browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict, reject or disable certain cookies (but please note that we do not respond to Do Not Track signals from web browsers). Additionally,
you may opt-out of data collection from certain companies that we use to collect information from users of our website(s). To learn more about
Certonas collection and analysis of information
by automated means, including how to opt out. We also use a company called Google to collect and analyze information about the use of our website(s). This information helps us serve relevant advertisements to you on Google, and also helps us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing
campaigns. If you have an account with Google,
manage your advertising settings
, otherwise you can manage these settings through your web browser as is described above. They may use this information to offer products and
services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this statement. Your information may also be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation)
involving all or part of the TJX Businesses or as part of a stock sale or other change in corporate control. If a contest, sweepstakes or promotion is jointly-sponsored by us and one or more other sponsors, your information may be shared with such sponsors. For example, we may use third parties to host
our websites or mobile apps, operate certain of its features, send e-mails, print or send mailings, run our sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, conduct customer research, authorize and process your payments, manage and analyze data and
our advertising effectiveness, and fulfill orders. We do not authorize our service providers to retain, use or disclose the personal information we share with them except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may disclose personal information (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) to establish, exercise
or defend our legal rights; (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (v) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) otherwise with
your consent. Children's Privacy
Our websites are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13.External Online Services and Features
For your convenience and information, our websites may provide links to other online services, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins. You also may use the following options:
Opt-Out From E-mail and/or Postal Mail
You can opt-out of receiving promotional e-mail and/or postal mail from us by doing the following: If you have an account with us on the tjmaxx.tjx.com, you may click on the Email Preferences tab of your My Account page. If you have received an e-mail from
T.J. Maxx, you can opt-out from receiving further e-mails by
following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you received. Please note that any opt-out for postal mail may take at least sixty (60) days to become effective. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individuals age. In addition, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you. For all other requests, including to opt-out of sales of your data to other TJX brands, you may contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us
section of our
Privacy Notice. To the extent permitted
by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. MetricsBelow are metrics regarding Requests to Know, Requests to Delete and Requests to Opt-Out submitted pursuant to the CCPA that the TJX Businesses received, complied with (in whole or in part), and denied between January 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021. These requests as compiled and disclosed are for all individuals, not just California consumers.