Home
Our offers
How it works
Sign up
Log in
Get the app
Privacy Policy
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the definitions ascribed to such terms in theTerms and Conditions, as applicable. This Privacy Policy sets out how our group companies, Quotient Technology Ltd, Shopmium SAS and Shopmium SRL, collect, share and use personal data, and how you can exercise your rights. Information about how your personal information is processed when using Shopmium Activate services is available in the privacy policy of Shopmium Activate's service partners. We also collect technical data about your internet connection, browser and devices, location data, device number, mobile advertising identifier and IP address. You can enable or disable this option in your device or browser settings at any time. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
We use your data to provide services, such as:
Setting up and managing your account;
Sending you push notifications and emails regarding your use of our services;
Making transfers to your PayPal or bank account;
Responding to queries sent to our customer services team;
Processing and displaying product ratings and reviews;
Displaying your loyalty cards;
Allowing you to receive cashback for referral and be part of the Shopmium Club;
Allowing us to verify your proof of purchase. that align with your preferences and interests. Shopmium relies on your consent
We use your data with your consent in order to:
Send you communications regarding our services and promotions in accordance with your communication preferences. When you log into our Sites via a social media account, we may collect data relating to your account or profile. You can choose to enable or log into services via Facebook Connect or Apple Connect ("Social Media"). In some cases, we may use your personal data to process and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations or compliance with applicable law, to enforce our terms of use or to comply with requests from authorities. Information that we share with third parties
Data that we collect may be accessed by our service partners, operating as subcontractors, who provide administrative and technical services involved in achieving the aforementioned purposes (e.g. web hosting, payment services, ad tech, etc.). Please see the Network Advertising Initiative website (www.networkadvertising.org) and the Digital Advertising Alliance website (www.abou tads.info) for more information. When you use our mobile app, we may share with our partner LiveRamp and its group companies personal data about you, including your email address (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address, mobile device ID and timestamp. We can share, based on legitimate interest, photos of receipts and proof of purchases with our partner ABOUTGOODS COMPANY which it will process these receipts as independent data controller. Its privacy policy is available by following this link - https://legal.kweeri.io/CharteConfidentialite.html#b-utilisation-des-information-recueillies. International data transfers
We may use and store personal information that we collect from you in countries outside the European Economic Area (including the United States of America, India and Madagascar). Please note that countries outside the European Economic Area are unable to offer the same level of data protection as the European Union. Our standard contractual clauses are available on request. You may object to our carrying out of certain processing actions. You can exercise these rights by getting in touch using the contact details given via the "Contact Us" link below. You may decide to stop receiving marketing communications from us at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in marketing emails that we send you. Equally, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time. You have the right to contact the relevant data protection authority regarding our collection and use of your personal data. If you live in France, you can also instruct us as to how we can continue to store, erase and share your information after you die and, where applicable, nominate an individual to exercise these rights after you die. We have put measures in place to protect the rights and interests of individuals whose personal information is used in automated decision-making. When we no longer need to process or retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymise this information, or, where that is not possible (e.g. because they were stored in backups), we will store them securely and place them beyond the scope of subsequent processing activity until it is possible to delete them. If you are under 16 (sixteen), you may not use our Sites unless you have the consent of a parent or guardian and are supervised. Updates to Privacy Policy
While we continue to offer our visitors new types of content and services, the Sites may make changes to how we collect, use and/or share information.