skip to main contentskip to footerRegistryWeekly AdRedCardTarget CircleFind StoresCategoriesDealsWhats NewPickup & DeliverysearchSign incart
0 itemsTarget Privacy PolicyTarget/Target Privacy Policytraduccin en espaolAt Target, we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you. By interacting with Target through our stores, websites, mobile application(s), products, and services, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. If we are able to identify you as a Target Guest we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store or on one of our mobile application(s). In order to provide the best Guest experience possible and run our business operations, we also use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores, and on our mobile application(s), the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts. Mobile Location InformationIf you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when you enable location services) with our websites, mobile application(s), services or our service providers. CamerasWe use cameras in and around our stores for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels. This allows us to deliver more personalized and consistent advertising to you. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. These companies use non-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information. Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include, but are not limited to Shipt, Inc.Card Issuing BankWe may share the information we collect with our banking partner, TD Bank USA N.A., which issues the Target MasterCard and Target Credit Card. In some cases we may provide an unsubscribe link within an operational email (e.g., Guest surveys). You will no longer receive text messages from that short code, but you may receive text messages if you are subscribed to other text lists. You may also choose which types of push notifications to receive by adjusting the permissions within your Target mobile application. If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits. If you re-install the application on the same device, Target will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities. Therefore, the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. At this time, we do not respond to browser do not track signals. However, Target treats Global Privacy Control signals as opt-out of sale and opt out of targeted/cross-context behavioral advertising requests under applicable state laws (e.g., California Consumer Privacy Act). You may have the option to link your Target Circle account to an account you have at a select partner. Target is not responsible for the partners products or services. In order to provide you with the incentives described above, we use personal information about you including your name, phone number, email address, purchase history, birthdate, etc. Expenses associated with the program include the 1% earnings when you shop at Target, the 5% off discount on a shopping trip when you provide your birthday, and access to deals only available to Circle members. If you have a Target.com account, your Access report will be placed in your account once it is ready. Note, some Guests chose to withdraw their request before it was fulfilled. If you wish to exercise these rights, you can submit a request using the methods listed below: Access Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link. See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy. A Target MasterCard or a Target Credit Card. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.