Learn MoreStore LocatorCustomer ServiceBusiness AccountsMenu Ace Hardware What can we help you find?CancelHi there,Sign in|New AccountSign InSign in for faster checkout and to redeem and earn rewards!EmailShowHidePasswordLog InForgot Password?Reset Password(Cancel)Send EmailCreate an AccountRegister with an email address and passwordEmailPassword must be a minimum of 6 charactersInclude 1 numberInclude 1 alphabetic characterShowHidePasswordSign up for exclusive offers and expert tipsRegister Your connection to this website is secure. Modification and CancellationWe reserve the right to modify, restrict, or cancel the Program, the Program Benefits (as defined below), or any portion thereof, and/or to modify these Program Terms (and any customer service policies or other documents related to the Program) at any time in our sole discretion with or without notice to you; provided that we will provide notice of any modifications to these Program terms by posting the modified version at www.acehardware.com/rewards-terms (or any other URL Ace may designate from time to time), together with a revised "Last updated" date. Whether redeemed in-store, on the Site, or in the App, Rewards can be applied toward the purchase of eligible merchandise only. From time to time, Program members with Ace Rewards Premier status, who have a Linked Ace Hardware Account and who have downloaded the App will receive special offers and coupons in the App (collectively, "Ace Rewards Premier App Extras"). Rewards: Rewards expire on the last day of the fourth month following the month in which they are issued and available for redemption on the Site or via the App. If you enroll in the Program on the Site or via the App and make a purchase, the Participating Retailer associated with the sale will be your Assigned Participating Retailer). The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, including the prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief. You and Ace further agree that in the event this Arbitration Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the prohibitions on class and representative actions and non-individualized relief set forth in this paragraph are severable and shall apply to any claim between you and Ace in any forum. Non-members must meet all Program eligibility requirements and must complete all Program enrollment requirements in the App using the Invitation Code provided by the referring member while the Referral Offer is active in order for the referring member to receive the Referral Bonus Points. Exclusions
Coupons may not be sold or transferred, have no cash value, cannot be applied to previously purchased merchandise, and cannot be replaced if merchandise is returned. Other Cards, including tangible gift cards purchased online or from third-party retailers, Cards with a fixed face values, egift cards, merchandise return cards and promotional cards cannot be reloaded. When you pick up your order, be sure to have your order number in a safe place; it will be needed for all order references. Once the order is placed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email and your items are on their way to your local store. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications, or services, including websites, applications or services operated by Ace stores, most of which are independently owned and operated, although some may be owned by Ace affiliates. Additional policies, guidelines, FAQs, rules, click-through agreements, and other terms and conditions may apply to certain portions of the Online Services or certain content, features, products, and services available on the Online Services (collectively, "Additional Terms"). Personal Information We Collect from External Third-Party SourcesWe may receive personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of the Services and marketing to you, and prevent or detect fraud. If you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a username or password, please contact our Customer Care Department by phone at 888-827-4223.How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?If you are an account holder, you can access, correct, and update certain personal information by accessing your account through the Services, by clicking on the Sign In/Register button located on the acehardware.com home page. Please be advised that product reviews, user-generated content, and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the Privacy Policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Our Right to Refuse Your Request:
We may deny your request if (1) we are not reasonably capable of associating your request with the Personal Data or it would be unreasonably burdensome for us to associate your request with the Personal Data; (2) we do not use the Personal Data to recognize or respond to you specifically or associate the Personal Data with other Personal Data about you; and (3) we do not sell the Personal Data
to any third party or otherwise voluntarily disclose the Personal Data to any third party other than a processor, except as otherwise permitted under Virginia law. For California residents, this Applicant Notice describes our collection and use of certain personal information about Applicants and Employees and is intended to satisfy our applicable notice requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"). This Applicant and Employee Notice does not address or apply to our information practices that are not subject to the CCPA, such as:Publicly Available Information: Information that is lawfully made available from government records, information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed the information and not restricted it to a specific audience. Terms of UseLast Updated January 14, 2022
Ace Hardware Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "Ace" or "we" or "us") are pleased to offer you our websites, mobile applications, and other online, digital and mobile services, applications and platforms that link to these Terms of Use or on which these Terms of Use appear, as well as the content, features, and software available on them (collectively, the "Online Services"). Revised versions of these Terms of Use will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. Store Pickup
If store pickup is available, you may pick up the Product(s) at a participating local Ace Hardware store, as indicated in the Online Services. Ace is not responsible for and does not endorse or guarantee any Third-Party Services, or any products, services, content, or other information available on any Third-Party Services. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (i) THE ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; and (ii) ACE DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE ONLINE SERVICES. Please be sure to include the phishing email as an attachment when reporting fraud. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, resellers of Products are prohibited from (i) using the Online Services to ship or deliver Products to their customers, (ii) having their customers pick up Products at an Ace Hardware store; and (iii) using the Ace name, logo, and trademarks in any manner in connection with reseller's business, including failure to remove materials referencing Ace, such as packing slips, prior to shipping Products to customers. By placing an order for Products on the Online Services, you agree to pay all Product prices, together with all applicable fees, charges, and taxes as displayed during the checkout process, including fees for delivery, assembly, and haul away, service fees, shipping and handling charges, and government mandated fees (such as delivery surcharges). A. Next Day Shipping (Arrives Next Business Day), Second Day Shipping (Arrives within 2 Business Days) and Standard Ground Shipping (Arrives in 3 to 8 Business Days) *Total delivery time includes processing and carrier transit time for all 50 states.