rewardStyle and LIKEtoKNOW.it are now part of the LTK global family of brands. rewardStyle, we, us or our) collects, uses, discloses and otherwise processes personal information (as defined below) in connection with our LTK branded services and network of websites, related content, platforms, services, products, applications, and events we provide (collectively, the Services). Region-Specific Disclosures
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional information relating to the processing of personal information (as defined below) about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for additional information that may be applicable to you:
Nevada: If you are a resident of the State of Nevada, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Personal Information Collected from Visitors to our Services and Account Holders
We may collect personal information submitted to us by you when you visit our Services and when holding an account including the following:
Inquiry Information, including information provided in custom messages sent through the forms or contact information provided on our Services. Online Marketplace and Community-Related Information, including username, photo, location, social media profiles, company name, and areas of expertise and interests. We may also collect data from other sites you visit and other apps on your device. We and our third-party providers may use (i) cookies or small data files that are stored on an individuals computer and (ii) other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, cookies) to automatically collect this personal information. For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our Cookie Policy. We also collect data when you interact with and use the Services through SNS, such as data on traffic, impressions, views, clicks, who you follow, what content you like or screenshot, and products you save or put on your wish list. Publicly Available Sources: We collect personal information about individuals that we do not otherwise have, such as contact information, employment-related information, and interest-in-services information, from publicly available sources. We may provide you with additional privacy-related information where the scope of the inquiry/request and/or personal information we require fall outside the scope of this rewardStyle Privacy Policy. Brand Business Partners, Influencers and API Developers. We contract with companies who help with parts of our operations and/or to enhance our Services. We coordinate and share personal information with our marketing providers in order to communicate with individuals about the Services we make available. In addition to the third parties identified above, we engage other third-party service providers that perform business or operational services for us or on our behalf, such as website hosting, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, analytics services, payment processing services and administrative services. We may disclose personal information to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. For example, with an individuals consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our Services or service-related publications. However, please be aware that rewardStyle is not responsible for and cannot control the terms of service or privacy policies of such other Linked Technologies. Age Restrictions; Childrens Privacy
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or older under the applicable age of majority of the jurisdiction of residence (Child). You may be able to delete and/or turn off cookies as your browser or device permits. Please note that this does not impact geolocation inferences, which may be possible through IP address information. Opting Out of Push / Local Notifications: We may send push or local notifications to your device to provide updates and relevant messages. Your Account and Personal Data: You may also choose to close your account at any time and may have the right to request access to or delete your personal data, except as required to be retained by applicable law. When we make changes to this rewardStyle Privacy Policy, we will change the date at the beginning of this rewardStyle Privacy Policy. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided. English Version Controls
Unless prohibited by local laws, if non-English translations of this notice are available, they are provided for convenience only and in the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls. Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
Offers per Month This is a great place to add a bit of extra information about the feature. 1
1
VIP Access
Creator Database / Audience Demos This is a great place to add a bit of extra information about the feature. $99/Month/Seat
$499/Month/Seat
VIP Access
Follow Us
Podcast: Influencer Radio
@shop.