HomeOur MissionJoin Our TeamApp StoreGoogle PlayDownloadDownloadHomeOur MissionJoin Our TeamApp StoreGoogle PlayPrivacy Policy2023Effective as of May 31, 2023This is the Privacy Policy for Pogo Technologies, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries. The categories of information we collect may includeContact informationFor example, your first and last name, email and mailing addresses, and phone number. Marketing informationFor example, your preferences for receiving communications about our activities, events, and publications, details about how you engage with our communications, and emails you receive from specific businesses. Information we obtain from health trackers and appsAt your request, we may also collect Health Information gathered or generated by your use of any third-party health application, system, program and/or device that you connect to the Service (the Connected Health Systems). Our service providers and Participating Businesses may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. How we use and protect your Personal InformationBroadly speaking, Pogo uses your Personal Information to deliver the Service to you, the goal of which is to help you earn money on everyday purchases and to identify relevant savings opportunities. For example, we may analyze statistics and trends to make our Service better and to develop the Site or new services or features. The types of information we share  with whom and under what circumstancesPogo may disclose your Personal Information when you share content with others on the Service, when you consent or instruct us to share your information with third parties, or when we have a legitimate business or legal need to share your information. If you have opted out of Data Dividends, we will not share this information with Participating Businesses, in accordance with our market research or personalized advertisements initiatives. Information collected by Microblink is used to digitize, process, and validate Digital Purchase Data and Physical Receipt Data, which may include items such as the merchant where a purchase was made, product descriptions, quantities, time of purchase, total purchase cost, and payment details. We do this through our service provider Twilio, which verifies the phone number that you provide to us via its Verify API, sends an SMS to the provided phone number with a verification code that you are then asked to input in the Pogo application. We do not control how other users or third parties use any Personal Information that you make available to such users or the public. Law enforcement, regulators, and other parties for legal reasonsWe may share your Personal Information with third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary: (a) to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Pogo, our users, visitors, or others. You may opt out of this information sharing at any time by visiting the Data Dividends Control Center (on mobile, the link will take you to the right section of the app, and on desktop, it will direct you to email privacy@joinpogo.com)Data Dividends Control Center. You must repeat this process for every linked card or Linked Account you wish to delete. To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other applicable obligations. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you including by updating the Effective date at the top of this Privacy Policy. How to contact usPlease direct any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or privacy practices to privacy@joinpogo.com. Inferences, such as predictions about your interests and preferences. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales. However, please note that if the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you in our dataset and to track compliance with your opt out request. As is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAAs CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you can download the appropriate app at https://www.privacyrights.info/.To Exercise Your Right to Limit the Use of Your Sensitive InformationUnless you have exercised your Right to Limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information, we may use your sensitive personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy. Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. Virginia Residents: If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint here. To Exercise Your Right to Access, Right of Portability, Right to Correction, Right to Deletion, or Right to Appeal, please submit a request by either:Emailing privacy@joinpogo.com with the subject line, Consumer Rights Request; or Calling (917) 473-3881.Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia. This process may require us to request additional Personal Information from you, including, but not limited to, your Pogo-linked email address and/or phone number. Submitting Authorized Agent RequestsIn certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agents authority to act on your behalf. To exercise the Right to Opt Out of Personal Information sharing for targeted advertising purposes, certain profiling activities or data sales, you may submit a request by clicking on this link.