Privacy & cookie policyLast updated: March 22, 2023This Privacy & Cookie Policy describes how Whaleco Inc. and its affiliates (Temu, we, us or our) handles personal information that we collect through our digital properties that link to this Privacy & Cookie Policy, including our website (www.temu.com), the Temu mobile application and Temus seller portal (collectively, the Service), as well as through social media, our marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy. Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:Contact data, such as your first and last name, salutation, email address, billing and mailing addresses, and phone number. Demographic Information, such as your city, state, country of residence, postal code, gender and age. Communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise. We recommend that you read the rules and other relevant information for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter. Some of the automatic collection described above is facilitated by the following technologies:Cookies, which are small text files that websites store on user devices and that allow web servers to record users web browsing activities and remember their submissions, preferences, and login status as they navigate a site. We will not share your records of consent, opt-in and opt-out to our marketing mobile texts with any third parties other than text messaging service providers and aggregators. To help our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service and other online services over time, which they use to show you ads on other online services they believe will interest you and measure how the ads perform. Any payment card information you use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment processors. If you log into the Service with, or otherwise link your Service account to, a social media or other third-party service, we may share your personal information with that third-party service. For example, when you purchase a product on or through the Service, we normally share your personal information required to fulfill the purchase, such as shipping address and phone number, with the seller (or its service providers).We may also share your personal information with other users and sellers to facilitate your interactions with them on or through the Service. Your profile and other user-generated content (except for messages) may be visible to other users of the Service and the public. Your choicesAccess or update your information. If you have registered for an account with us through the Service, you may review and update or delete certain account information by logging into your account. If you no longer wish to receive mobile marketing alerts from us, you can follow the instructions provided in those messages or otherwise reply STOP to any alert we send. If you prefer not to receive push notifications, you may adjust your settings on your mobile device to control whether you want to receive these alerts. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. Google and Facebook offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising:Google: https://myadcenter.google.com/Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads Ad industry tools. Delete your content or close your account. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. You may request details on the specific personal information, including sensitive information, weve collected about you, including how long we keep it or the factors we use to decide when to delete it. In the previous 12 months, we were sharing identifiers and inferences about you with our service providers and partners in such a way that, under the CCPA, may be defined as selling. Please see the Cookies and similar technologies section above for a description of opting out of cookies and controlling browser settings. We respect your choices and will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. For example, we may keep this information when you purchase items through the Temu platform. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country. ChildrenThe Service is not intended for use by anyone under 13 years of age. If we make material changes to this Privacy & Cookie Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy & Cookie Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means.