Skip to content
CarGurus Logo Homepage Link
Buy
Used Cars
New Cars
Certified Cars
New
Start Your Purchase Online
Dealerships Near Me
Delivery
Sell
Sell My Car
Car Values
Sell My Car FAQ
Dealer Signup
Reviews
Finance
Prequalify for Financing
How does it work? ( This Privacy Policy governs our
collection, use, sale and disclosure of information that is reasonably capable
of being linked to an individual user (you), such as name, address,
telephone number, and/or email address (personal information) collected
through the CarGurus.com website, mobile and other applications owned and
operated by us (site). This site is not intended for use by individuals under the age of
18. Information Collected When Registering with CarGurus; Subscribing
If you register with us or subscribe to receive specific information or
services on our site, in addition to the automatic information collected as
described above, we will also collect registration information, such as name,
email address, mail address, telephone number, username and password. For
information about and to install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on,
click here. We also use the following technologies to automatically collect information
from you:
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
We, and other companies with whom we partner, use cookies, web beacons, tags,
scripts, local shared objects such as Flash (sometimes called flash
cookies), and similar technology (Tracking Technologies)
in connection with the use of our site, third party websites, and mobile
applications. Cookies may
be persistent or stored only during an individual session. For example, we
use a cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an
account. Preferences
Intended to track how you use the site and remember information about
how you prefer the site to behave and look. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we
collect, personalize your experience with the site, target our communications
and advertisements so that we can inform you of products and services or other
offers that may be of interest to you, provide private purchase and sale
transaction services, prevent fraud, and for internal business analysis or
other business purposes. Unless and until required by applicable law, our site does not
recognize browser do not track signals. We also partner with Amazon to deliver advertisements. We may also display interest-based ads to you when you are using Facebook and
other social media platforms or websites. Please consult our detailed policy
on Interest Based Advertising
here. We may share information about you, including personal
information, with our corporate affiliates for specific business purposes. We may provide
other third-party providers of products and services (for example financing
providers) access personal information that you voluntarily provide on our
site so that such providers can provide products and services to you. We also share information about you if we
believe we should in order to (i) prevent a violation of the law; (ii) protect
or defend our interests and our legal rights or property; (iii) protect the
rights, interests, safety and security of users of the site or members of the
public; (iv) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (v)
comply with prudent legal practice as we may determine, and applicable law or
legal process. Your Rights and Choices
You may opt-out of any or all future marketing emails from us
here
or clicking on the unsubscribe link we place at the footer of everyemail we
send that is not in response to an action taken by the user. As such, your personal information may be
subject to the laws of other countries, where the data protection and other
laws may not be as comprehensive as your country of residence. Technical measures
that we have implemented also include use of firewall protection and, in
appropriate instances, encryption technology. To make such a request, you must include this section heading as the subject
line, and your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message
and send to:
Address:
CarGurus, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141
Attention: Privacy
privacy@cargurus.com
California Notice of Collection under California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
ThisCarGurus Privacy Notice for California Residentssupplements the
information contained in this Policy and the rights mentioned below apply
solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California. Information We Collect:
Categories
Examples
Do we collect? California residents have the right to opt-out
of our sale of their personal information. You have the right
to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right
know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. In the request, please specify which right you are
seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of
your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to
help us verify your identity and process your request. Authorized Agent: The CCPA allows California consumers to
designate an authorized agent to exercise their rights under CCPA. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated
request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the
business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business
has collected or will collect about the consumer. Your continued
use of the site after the posting of the modified Privacy Policy constitutes
your agreement to abide and be bound by it.