List It
About
About
Help Center
Blog
Contact Us
My profile
Feedback
Logout
List It
About
About
Help Center
Blog
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign Up
Login
Sign up
My Profile
Feedback
Logout
Please leave your feedback
Send
Cancel
Sign In
Continue with Facebook
Or sign in with an email address
Email Address
Password (6~16 characters)
Sign In
Forgot Password? Forgot Password
Please enter the email you used to sign into 5miles. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information,
including Personal Information (defined below) that we gather when you access
or use any online service location that posts a link to this Privacy Policy and
also applies to your use of our website(s), products, services and mobile
applications (collectively, the Services), but not to the practices of
companies we dont own or control, or people that we dont manage. Were constantly trying to improve our Services, and we may also
change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. All minors require permission from their respective legal representative in
order to use the Services. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us
Personal Information, please contact us at support@5milesapp.com. The type of information we may collect from you includes both
personally identifiable information, which is information such as your first
and last name, email address, phone number, home address and third-party
account credentials (e.g., your Facebook login credentials, Google login credentials) (Personal
Information), your location (which can be real-time), and demographic
information such as information regarding your gender, nationality and
occupation (Demographic Information). We may collection
this information through various forms and in various places within the
Services. We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services
by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we
receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services
and the people or things youre connected to and interested in. Additionally, there may be instances where you find it necessary
to communicate directly with us or where you have provided us with the means to
communicate with you. For example, if you have given us your email address, we
may send promotional email offers to you, notify you of any changes to the
Terms or Services, or email you about your use of the Services. This
method of information collection is discussed in more detail below:
Cookies: Cookies are unique identifiers that we
transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to
improve your overall 5miles user experience. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or
device to prevent or limit your devices acceptance of cookies, but this may
prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. For example, we use your
location info to determine that you are in San Francisco so that we can
prioritize and deliver listings from San Francisco or places nearby to you. If you choose to provide
or log into your account using your credentials for a third-party platform we
may have access to certain information from that site, such as your name,
contacts or friends lists, account information, public profile, and email
address. Also, 5miles may, from time to time, combine information from
other sources with information we collect through 5miles Services in order to
enhance our ability to serve you, prevent fraudulent transactions, tailor our
content to you, offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that
we believe may be of interest to you, and for any other purposes described in
this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no website or
Internet transmission is completely secure. By accepting this Privacy Policy and the corresponding Terms and
continuing to use the Services, you acknowledge that 5miles is not responsible
for your own disclosure of your information to third parties through our
Services (e.g., sending your contact information to another user through the
Services). For example, we
use Google Analytics to grow our business, to improve or develop our services,
to monitor and analyze use of our Services, for our technical administration,
to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of our Services, and to
verify that users have the authorization needed for us to process their
requests. For example, you may share items on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Google+. If you choose to
enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or
the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including,
in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law
or permitted by the Promotions official rules, such as on a winners
list. Business Transfers:
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or
transfer user information, including Personal Information, in connection with
the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Transfer of Information to the United States
Our Services is operated in the United States and intended for
users located in the United States. Please
note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to retain your account
information or any other information associated with it and not delete it (or
to keep this information for a certain period of time, in which case we will
comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such
requirements). Please be aware that third parties may continue to track your
online activities even after you have left our Services, and those third
parties may not honor Do Not Track requests you have set using your browser
or device. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated
with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to the
third parties own terms and privacy policies. Other companies' use of cookies
and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this
one. Like many companies, we may allow cookie matching with select partners. To learn more about the privacy of Google Analytics, visit:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
You can opt out of the Google Analytics by visiting:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
What if I have questions about this policy? 111 Bonham Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.