Welcome to Zenni USA
You're currently shopping our U.S. site. SHOP ZENNI CANADA
SHOP ZENNI USA
Questions? Stylish Readers for each summer adventure: beach, pool & road trip. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, the terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Use located at www.zennioptical.com/terms-of-use. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, you should not use our Services. You may also choose to provide your email address to us if you would like to receive additional information about the Site and the products and services that the Company offers. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we will collect and store the personal information you provide in connection with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, date of birth, and/or phone number. We may place cookies from third-party service providers who may use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from us. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google), to collect information about your use of the Site. Your Choices
Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers target-audience preferences, you can opt-out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://optout.aboutads.info/) or the Network Advertising Initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1). When placing on order for glasses through the Site, you will have the ability to opt-in to receive Renewal Reminders from us. We may use personal information we collect about you through the Site to help us better understand how the Site and our products and services are being used. We also process your personal information to investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements or policies; and, enforce our agreements with third parties. We and Luna will only use the data you share with us as part of the Virtual Try-On and/or PD Measurement services to show you how you may look in eyewear frames or to measure your pupillary distance, respectively. We may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. You may also provide information directly to third parties through the Site if you elect to use the third-party review service that we offer through the Site, Reseller Ratings by Answers. Please be aware that even after your Account is terminated or deleted some or all of your information may still remain visible to others, including but not limited to any information that has been: (a) incorporated into others user's content, comments, posting, and submissions, including but not limited to Course comments; (b) copied, stored or disseminated by other users; (c) shared or disseminated by you or others such as in a public posting; or (4) posted on a third party platform. Please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. We will handle your information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to sections 1 and 2 above. If you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your Personal Information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. The CCPA broadly defines Personal Information and selling such that sharing identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a sale. You may request such notice once a year and free of charge. If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@zennioptical.com.