In the United States and Canada, our stores are primarily operated under the Couche-Tard, Circle K, Holiday, Macs, Corner Store, Kangaroo Express and On the Run banners (for more information about our banners, please visit: https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/our-brands/). Depending on where you reside, you may have additional rights. Please refer to the Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions section below. Who Can You Contact With Privacy Questions? More specifically, we collect personal information in the following ways:
A. DIRECTLY FROM YOU
We may collect personal information directly from you in our stores (including through our point-of-sales systems and other in-store interactive tools such as the LIFT screens), by mail, by email, over the telephone, through our websites and apps or in any other direct manner, for instance when you make a purchase, give us feedback on our stores and the products for sale in our stores, participate in a contest or survey, complete a franchise application, or make a request to our customer service. In such case, your participation is subject to the privacy policy of our business partner and we collect from you and receive from our partners the information necessary to allow you to participate in the program. To learn more about the privacy choices available to you, please visit How Can You Change Your Privacy Choices? These tools also allow our third-party tracking tools to gather information, such as your IP address, and provide this back to us in an anonymized, aggregate form (i.e. in a manner that prevents us from identifying you personally). With respect to our mobile applications, we use Identifier for Advertising for iOS and Google Advertising ID for Android. You may delete or disable certain of these technologies at any time via your browser. E. THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS
We may collect your personal information if you interact with us through our social media pages and accounts (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram). section above to provide you with our programs, products and services, to manage our business operations and make hiring decisions, to communicate offers and information we think might interest you, to generally enhance your customer experience with us, and as otherwise permitted or required by law. A. WITHIN THE CIRCLE K GROUP
Circle K affiliates and subsidiaries in Canada, the United States and internationally may share personal information with each other and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. There are several options available for you to manage your privacy preferences, including, for example: managing your preferences within your account when applicable, contacting us directly, changing your browser settings on your device, and/or, where available, using third party unsubscribe functionality. You may opt out of receiving email or SMS marketing communications, by clicking unsubscribe within any marketing email you receive, following the opt-out instructions provided when you receive a marketing SMS, or, in certain instances, through your online account (if you have created one). Please note the following regarding withdrawal of consent or changes in your privacy preferences:
Even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional purposes, in compliance with applicable laws (e.g., for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, or recalls). For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze your browsing behaviour on our websites. How we Store and Safeguard Personal Information
We take the security of your personal information very seriously and are committed to protecting your privacy by using a combination of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. U.S. State-Specific Privacy Notice (U.S. State Notice)
This U.S. State Notice applies to Consumers as defined under consumer privacy laws in California and Virginia, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA) and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). Section 11.2.1 describes your Rights under CCPA and VCDPA. The Business Purposes for which we collect, retain, use, and disclose your Personal Information are the following:
the business and operational purposes described in sections 4 (How we Collect Personal Information), 5 (How we Use Personal Information), and 6 (How we Share Personal Information) above;
the CCPAs listed business purposes (below);
the purposes that we otherwise notify you at the time of collection; and
other purposes that are related to or compatible with the context in which we collected your Personal Information. To the extent we have sold Personal Information, which we do not believe we have, the categories of Personal Information would be Identifiers and Internet Usage information, and the recipients of each category of Personal Information would be Cookie Operators. Business partners
Service providers
Subsidiaries and affiliates of Circle K
Government entities
7. We will use Personal Information provided in a Verifiable Consumer Request only to verify your identity or authority to make the request and to track and document request responses, unless you also gave it to us for another purpose. For a specific pieces request and a request to delete important data, we are required to verify a consumers identity to high degree of certainty, which may include matching at least three data points provided by the Consumer with data points maintained by us (and which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying the consumer), together with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor is the consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request. Generally, we will request that an agent provide proof that the Consumer gave the agent signed permission to submit the request and we also may require the Consumer to either verify their own identity or directly confirm with us that they provided the agent permission to submit the request. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us in the following ways:
Postal Mail: Legal Department c/o Privacy Office, Circle K Stores Inc., 1130 West Warner Road, Building B, Tempe, Arizona 85824
Visiting our request portal: Individual Rights Request Form
Please note that the CCPA and Shine the Light are different laws offering different rights and requests must be made separately. Nevada Residents
We do not believe we sell covered information of Nevada consumers as those terms are defined by Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. It is your obligation to ensure that you read, understand and agree to the latest version of the Privacy Policy. If you have a program, product, service, or are participating in a promotion, contest or event that is offered by us with a third party, the third party may hold your personal information.