#1 Home Improvement Retailer
Store Finder
Truck & Tool Rental
For the Pro
Gift Cards
Credit Services
Track Order
Track Order
Help
The Home Depot Logo
To See Inventory
Choose A Store
Delivering to
Cancel
My Account
Lists
Welcome Back! We do so to process and fulfill your orders, to improve our in-store and digital offerings, to create consistent in-store and digital experiences for you, to protect the rights and information of our customers and our company, and for the other purposes disclosed in this Privacy and Security Statement. Also, this Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites. Where Do We Collect It From?Directly from you or the devices you use to access digital services, such as websites, mobile applications, and applications for connected devices. Marketing companies that help us learn about our customers and the devices they use to access digital content. Why Do We Collect and Disclose It?Fulfilling orders and processing returns. Registering you for a website or program. Improving our products and services, including improving store layouts and digital content. Learning about customer trends and interests. Delivering marketing communications and advertising. Identifying the devices you use to access digital content. Fraud prevention, security, and asset protection. Manufacturers of products and providers of extended warranty services. Financial services companies, such as for home improvement loans, processing payments, and for managing The Home Depot credit card accounts. Any successor to all or part of our business. Law enforcement, public and government authorities, and other entities as we deem reasonably necessary to comply with law, support investigations, and protect the rights and property of you, us, and others. Session replay software may be used to record and replay your interaction. Companies that supplement our customer records with additional information. Advertising companies and content publishers that present you with our ads. Who Do We Disclose It To?Service providers that process information on our behalf, such as shipping vendors, providers of digital analytics services, and fraud prevention services. Where Do We Collect It From?Directly from you. Information that May Be Considered Sensitive Personal InformationWhat Information Does This Include?Account login credentials, biometrics, race, ethnicity, government identification numbers, and precise geolocation. These third parties may use the information we provide to deliver tailored advertising to you on our and third-party digital properties. Recommending products and services that may interest youIdentifying the devices you use to interact with us so that we can provide you with a consistent experienceIdentifying your interests based on your interactions with us and information we have received from third parties or publicly available sourcesUpdating our product inventories to meet projected demandFor security and asset protection purposes. Notifying you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement, the Terms of Use of our websites or device applications, or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolledUpdating you regarding shipping, product availability, product recalls, warranty information, or rebatesSending you other transactional or relationship communicationsFor social media engagement. For example, if all or part of our business is sold or otherwise acquired, we may sell or disclose our customer lists and other personal information we collect in preparation for or as part of that transactionIf we think we have to in order to comply with the law. Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing or Using for Targeted Advertising: We disclose your information to select third parties to enhance your experiences with us, to improve our ability to serve you, to keep you aware of our products, services, and offers, and to tailor the offers and promotions displayed to you online by select third party advertisers to your interests. If we are able to recognize you when you visit our website (e.g., because you are logged into your account), we will associate your opt-out preference with your account. Disable browser cookies: Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies, some of which may enable third parties to collect data about your use of our websites. The Foundation may share such information with trusted third parties (e.g., The Home Depot and service providers) that assist the Foundation in operating its website, reviewing grants, conducting its fundraising events or operating its charitable business.