Privacy Policy
This Zeelool Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how we collect and use personal information about you when you visit our website,
use our mobile application, or call us on the phone. To shop with us, you need to be at least sixteen (16) years old. By accessing and/or using our services in any manner, including but not limited to, visiting and/or browsing our website, downloading our mobile application,
or contributing any material on our website or via our application, you expressly understand, acknowledge
and agree all the terms and conditions in this privacy policy. Automatically collected information also may include information about when
and how you access and use our website or mobile application, such as the date and time of your visit or use,
the websites you visit before coming and after leaving our website, how you navigate and what you search for using our website and mobile application,
the website pages and items you view using our website and mobile application, and the items you purchase;
Other information,
for example inferences about any of the information above that may relate to your preferences, or other matters. Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our services function properly;
to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services;
to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience. This category of cookies is essential for our services to work and they cannot be disabled. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. We use the information collected by such cookies to help us understand how our site is being used. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our site or services. We may also use tracking technologies to collect data such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type,
IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site,
webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics,
and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the site for the same purposes. To do this,
follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the Help, Tools or Edit settings). Please be informed that if you disable cookies you may not be able to log in to the site or to use certain features of the site. The random ID previously assigned to you will be removed. Thus, if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in,
we will be unable to continue and track you using the prior ID and you will for all practical purposes be a new user. Once you click the link you may choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising companies
or only advertising provided by specific advertising entities. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities
that use these technologies, please see http://www.aboutads.info/consumers. For example,
we may use your information to better understand what products interest you based on information we collect about you and your household;
To respond to your requests or questions. We may use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. This could include protecting our company and our customers. How We Share Information In general, we do not share personal information for third-party marketing or advertising purposes. This includes our affiliates; On our platforms. And the background system is purged every 60 minutes for good measure. We do not collect, store or share locally or
remotely the data used by the software to generate TrueDepth API depth facial mapping information. If you believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to Zeelool in connection with our website or mobile application,
and without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us at privacy@zeelool.com
so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that they provided. Account Deletion Customers using Zeelool APP on IOS devices are now able to have their account deleted. will be permanently deleted; We are unable to process requests and questions regarding your past orders once you delete your account. When we make changes to this policy,
we will notify you by posting the updated policy on our website, and/or via email. Effective Date This Policy is effective October 30, 2021. Try-on effects may be affected by lighting, camera distance, and/or other factors.