Home
Community Guidelines
Safety tips
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
Documents
Aditional Info
Application
Useful Link
113 Fulton Street, Suite 721
New York, NY 10010
youremail@yourdomain.com
+88 (0) 101 0000 000
Purchase
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 09, 2020
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. Who we are
Tradetis incorporated in Delawareas Tradet co. (Tradet, we or us). The personal information we collect about you and where it comes from
We collect information, including personal information, to provide the Services and operate our Platform. 2.1 Information you provide to us through direct interactions with our Platform
Depending on the choices you make when registering for, or during the process of using our Services, you may be asked for and opt to provide the following personal information:
e-mail address;
mobile telephone number;
geographic location;
profile picture;
user ID;
Facebook or Google account details;
drivers license or other government ID; and
any other information you choose to provide in connection with your account. For example, when you post a product some of your information will be available to Platform users, so you should exercise discretion when using the Services to post personal information. Depending on your device permissions, if you post an item on our Platform, we automatically collect and process information about your actual location. You can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Platforms. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. The purposes for collecting your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in this privacy policy. to monitor and report the effectiveness of the campaign delivery to our business partners and for internal business analysis. to enhance the performance of our Services and to personalize the content we direct towards you. to measure and monitor your interaction with the third-party advertisements banners we place on our Platform. For example
We use your email address and unique device identifiers to administer and protect our Platform (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, fraud prevention, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data). We use third-party machine learning software to analyze all communications through our chat feature for fraud prevention and to promote safety by blocking spam or abusive messages that may have been sent to you by any other user. Analytics Providers:In order to improve our Services, we will sometimes share your non-identifiable information with analytics providers that help us analyze how people are using our Services. Please note, any information you provide to other users can always be shared by them with others so please exercise discretion in this respect. If you opt-out of receiving marketing or commercial communications, we retain the right to send you non-marketing communications such as correspondence about your relationship with us, information about transactions, or notifying you of updates to our Privacy Notices or Terms of Use. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (seeExercising Access and Deletion Rightsbelow), we will delete your personal information from our records. We reserve the right to verify your identity in connection with any requests regarding personal information to help ensure that we provide the information we maintain to the individual to whom it pertains, and allow only that individual or their authorized representatives to exercise rights with respect to that information. 6.4 Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond promptly to verifiable consumer requests, and in any case no longer than forty-five (45) days from the date of such request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. In order to exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information as defined by the CCPA, pleaseemailinfo@tradet.co. Please note, despite the measures we have implemented to protect your data, the transfer of data through the Internet or other open networks is never completely secure and there is a risk that your personal information may be accessed by unauthorized third parties. We do not have control over how other users who have access to the Platform will use any content you post publicly or send to them privately. We may also use any ad you post on Tradet, including the uploaded photo or image of the product as well as other data (including user name and location) associated with the ad, for our own advertising purposes, including social media, Facebook ads, newsletters and ads for any media. We share the personal information we collect with the categories of third parties listed in theSharing of Informationsection above. If you have designated an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.