CARTAre you sure to delete this itemCANCELDELETEYour Shopping Bag Is EmptyNot sure where to start?Check Out Best SellersSecure PaymentHALARA PRIVACY POLICYLast Modified: Sep 21, 2022Welcome to Halara! This Privacy Policy (Policy) explains how we collect, use, share and process your information as well as the rights and choices you have associated with that information. Our Terms and Conditions (Terms) govern all use of our Services, and together with the Privacy Policy, constitute your agreement with us. We may update this Policy at any time, without prior notice, and changes will apply to any personal information we already hold about you as well as any additional personal information collected after the Policy is updated. In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional information about the personal information handling practices of specific parts of our Services. We may collect your personal information when you place an order on our Sites or in our App, including, for example, your first and last name, mailing address, postal code, email address, phone number, payment account or credit card information. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we will collect and store the personal information you provide in connection with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, date of birth, and/or phone number. When you browse our Sites, we automatically collect log data such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, domain names, referring and exit pages and URLs, pages viewed and the order of these page views, the date and time you access our servers, and other diagnostic data. ( Please read our Cookie Policy
for more details. Without processing your personal information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.(3) To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms, Agreements and Policies. We may process your personal information to help monitor, prevent and detect fraud and abusive use of our Service, monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access to your information, enhance system security, and combat spam, malware, malicious activities or other security risks that might result in financial loss.(5) To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. Please see our Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies section for more information.(8) To Research and Develop of Our Services. We may process your information to personalize your experience. We may access, preserve, and disclose information about you if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) comply with requests from auditors, examiners or other regulators; (c) respond to your requests; or (d) protect your, our, or others rights, property or safety.(2) Within Our Corporate Organization. We may share your personal information within our organization to provide you with the Services and take actions based on your request.(3) With Our Service Providers. Your Rights and ChoicesDepending on the applicable law where you reside, you may exercise the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information that we have collect or has been previously provided to us. Thus, when you access and submit personal information to Halara, your personal information may be processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located, mostly in the United States and China, where privacy and data protection laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country of residence. The purpose of this section is to inform California residents (consumers or you), at or before the time of collection of personal information, about our data collection practices and your privacy-related rights under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). To our services providers, as outlined in Section 5 above.(D) Commercial information, such as records of service purchasedInformation you voluntarily provide to us; Information we automatically collect, as outlined in Section 1 above. See Section 3, subsection 7, 8, and 9.See Section 4, subsection 2, 3, 4, and 5. The third parties to whom we sell personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policy, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties. If we use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any other purposes, we will inform you and you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. Before fulfilling your request, as required by law, we may ask you to verify personal information we already have on file to confirm your identity. Notice to Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and BrazilThis section only applies to individuals using or accessing our Service while located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland (collectively, the European Countries), or Brazil at the time of data collection. Section 3(4) To Detect and Prevent Fraud and Security Risks. Section 3(3) To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms, Agreements and Policies. Article 6(1) lit.(f) GDPR; ; Article 7(IX) LGPD.Section 3(7) To Provide Marketing Communication. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal data on the legal bases of: consent, or legitimate interests. The Services are provided by
FULL SCALE FULL SPEED PTE.