Privacy Policy
Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. Not providing it will have no consequences. The purpose of the data processing is to handle and respond to your contact request. If the initial contact occurs for other reasons, this data processing takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR for the purposes of our overriding, legitimate interest in handling and responding to your request. We will only use your email address to process your request. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. The use of cookies or comparable technologies is based on  15 para. The processing of your personal data is based on Art. Further information on data processing when using the Paypal Express payment service can be found here in the associated data privacy policy. As soon as you choose Klarna's payment service and pay using Klarna Checkout, you transmit personal data to the company. If you do not want to use this function, you can deactivate these cookies anytime. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can be notified before the setting of cookies and you can decide whether to accept this setting in each individual case as well as prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. If you are ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the controller responsible for your data. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google responsible for processing your data and for compliance with the applicable data protection legislation. The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors and for marketing and advertising purposes. Google Analytics uses technology such as cookies, web storage in the browser, and tracking pixels which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by these regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. f GDPR due to our overriding legitimate interest in the needs-based and targeted design of the website. On grounds relating to your particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to this processing of personal data concerning you and carried out in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. For example, if you buy a product on our website, the Facebook pixel is triggered and stores your actions on our website in one or more cookies. Depending on the interaction that is made on our website, different cookies are set. Expiration date: after 3 months
Name: comment_author_50ae8267e2bdf1253ec1a5769f48e062311852541-3
Value: Name of the author
Purpose: This cookie saves the text and name of a user who e.g. leaves a comment. 46, paragraphs 2 and 3 of the GDPR) as basis for data processing by recipients based in third countries (which are outside the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) or for data transfer there. These clauses oblige TikTok to comply with the EU's level of data protection when processing relevant data outside the EU. These clauses are based on an implementing order by the EU Commission. We would like to note, that according to the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for data transfers to the USA. You can find out more about Snap Pixel's data processing in their privacy policy at https://snap.com/de-DE/privacy/privacy-policy. You also have the option of changing your settings in the data protection centre, allowing you to administer and protect the data processed by Google. Further information on the data collected and used by YouTube and Google and your associated rights and options for protecting your privacy can be found in YouTube's privacy policy (https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy).