At the same time, we need to gather data to provide you with the best possible Reverb experience. Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to usthats why we protect your information with best-in-class technology and a team dedicated to keeping your info safe. This Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit reverb.com or any affiliated websites (collectively, Website) directly and via the Reverb Mobile Apps ("Apps") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that personal information. Information We Collect About You
We collect or receive several types of information from and about Users of our Services, including information: (a) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, username, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other information the Services collect that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline. We may also collect public information in order to connect with you. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. These technologies include non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without a legal basis such as your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may show you more or similar ads based on its own service, including targeting criteria. This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (such as other members who sell using the Services, certain third-party providers on whom we rely to provide certain services, or API users) that Reverb does not own or control or individuals that Reverb does not employ or manage, except as otherwise provided for in our Terms of Use or as required by law. You can also request the deletion of the personal information in your account. Depending on your location, you may also have additional rights with respect to your information, such as:
Right to Access & Portability - You can access certain personal information associated with your account by visiting your account privacy settings. Right to Restrict Processing - In certain cases where we process your information, you may also have the right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information. You can exercise any of the rights above by contacting us at consentwithdrawal@reverb.com or CorrectionAccessPortability@reverb.com or by changing your privacy preferences as explained here. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requesters valid government issued identification, and the authorized agents valid government issued identification. Some of these messages are required, service-related messages for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices). While this information is provided in greater detail throughout this Policy, the categories of personal information that we have collected  as described by the CCPA  are:
Identifiers, including name, email address, shop name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account. Demographics, such as your age or gender. Sensory visual data, such as pictures you post on our Services. Shine the Light
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third-parties during the immediately preceding calendar year. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website or through our Services are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Policy may change from time to time. Data Breach
If you suspect a data breach, please contact us through our Help Center. By using our Services, you understand that Reverb may share some of the information it collects with its affiliates and third-party partners located outside of your home country for purposes described in this Policy, including for verification of identity, transaction reviews, and payment processing. As we operate globally and use technical infrastructure, including Data centers hosting Reverbs data, in the U.S. to deliver the Services, in accordance with the contract between us (which you agree to by using the Services and agreeing to our Terms of Use), we need to transfer your personal information to the U.S. and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services. Carbon-Offset ShippingYour purchases also help protect forests, including trees traditionally used to make instruments. Please check the fields highlighted in red.