This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Spencer's does not own or control. I. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
A. Information You Provide
We may obtain information that you provide directly to us on the Site, for example when you sign up for email communications, register an account on the Site, enter promotions and sweepstakes, make purchases or donations on the Site, contact customer service (including through the Site's live chat feature), participate in surveys, make a product request, or otherwise interact with the Site. If you submit to us someone else's personal information (e.g., their contact or mailing/shipping information), you represent that you are authorized to provide this information to us. Please note that blocking cookies may affect the availability and functionality of the Site and other websites. The types of information we collect automatically when you visit the Site may include IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, anonymous traffic data, and pages viewed. We may combine certain automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include information we obtain from our vendors. We may also use certain analytics services including Adobe Analytics, and Facebook Custom Audiences - to help us understand and analyze how visitors use the Site and serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a "DO NOT TRACK" signal when you visit various websites or use online services. These special relationships may include business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites (referred to here as co-branded pages). C. Service Providers
We may use service providers to help us operate our business and the Site, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending emails, serving advertisements, order fulfillment, sweepstake administration, Site maintenance, and customer service. On the Site we may enable access to, or display of, third-party content, that is served or published by the third party; that third party may be collecting data from you in connection with that content. If you choose to participate in a promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to these parties as described in the terms applicable to that promotion. LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES's PRIVACY PRACTICES
The Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Spencer's for your convenience and information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that we do not control. Please allow up to 10 business days for your request to be processed. Note that regardless of your opt-in preferences, Spencer's may still send you program emails for administrative reasons. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law. Capitalized terms defined in the VCDPA that are used in this section shall have the same meaning as in the VCDPA. Sales of Personal Data: We do not Sell your Personal Data. B.	Making a Privacy Rights Request
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have the right to submit certain requests relating to your Personal Data as described below. To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our webform. Please note that we will need to authenticate your identity before your request can be processed. Right to Access and Data Portability: You have the right to confirm whether we are Processing your Personal Data, to access your Personal Data, and to obtain a copy of Personal Data you provided to us in a portable format. Right to Opt Out: We do not engage in (a) Targeted Advertising; (b) the Sale of Personal Data; or (c) Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, and therefore do not provide an opt out right. By using the Site, you acknowledge your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, jurisdictions outside your own, as described in this Privacy Policy. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. These changes will take effect immediately upon posting. By continuing to use the Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. Follow Us
Make A Difference
Donate to Boobies Make Me Smile and support the fight against young adult cancer.