Your preference has been updated for this session. $0.00
Available Rewards
Start shopping and earn Rewards today! Learn More
Go to My Rewards
Sign out
Sign in
Create an account
Sign in
Create an account
Image Coming Soon
Added to Cart
Total:
Discount:
Together:
Quantity:
Deliver every
Cart Total:
Checkout
Customers Also Bought:
20% off K-Beauty!Shop Now
Up to 40% Off Greens & Superfoods!Shop Now
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
iHerb Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 5, 2021
iHerb, LLC. In addition, we can also elaborate separate Privacy Policies, where our data protection and privacy practices differ from the ones described in this document due to local legal requirements. How We Use The Information We Obtain
We will use the information we obtain through the Services as needed to
fulfill our contractual obligation to provide you with the products and
services you request and to deliver products ordered (including, but not limited
to, transportation and customs clearance through related third party service
providers). A Flash cookie, also known as
a local shared object, functions like a web cookie to personalize a users
experience on sites that use Adobe Flash Player. The following types of cookies and similar technologies are used on the
Services:
Necessary Cookies
We use necessary cookies to help enable the Services to function, including
to (1) identify you once you have logged in to your account, (2) keep track of preferences you specify while you use the Services, and (3) manage the security of the Services. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy notices of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. The service providers that administer these analytics services use automated technologies to collect data (such as email address, IP addresses, cookies and other device identifiers) to evaluate, for example, use of our Services and to diagnose technical issues. These
networks track users online activities over time by collecting information
through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web
beacons, device identifiers, server logs, web beacons and other similar
technologies. The information our ad networks may collect includes
data about users visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant
ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the
websites or apps. How to Change Your Cookie Settings
To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before placing non-essential cookies or similar technologies on your device, and keep your choice for a period of six (6) months. Our Services are not designed to respond to do not track signals received from browsers. Chatbot Logs
Our Services also use a chatbot to provide automated customer assistance. Ada will retain the content of those messages, together with responses to those messages and any outcome from those messages. is
certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks developed
by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the European Commission and Swiss
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively. If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy
rights, please see the section of this Privacy Policy called California
Consumer Privacy Statement. To the extent any linked online services or
third-party features are not owned or controlled by us, iHerb is not
responsible for these third parties information practices. Updates To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to
you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. You can also Email Us or write us, using the contact details below if you wish to
exercise these rights or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy:
iHerb, LLC. We may allow certain third parties (such as certain
advertising partners) to collect your personal information via automated
technologies on our Services in exchange for non-monetary consideration
(such as an enhanced ability to serve you content and advertisements that
may be of interest to you). During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have sold the following categories of
personal information to online advertising services and advertising networks:
Identifiers
Protected Classifications
Commercial information
Online Activity
Inferences
We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age
without affirmative authorization if we have actual knowledge of the
individuals age. Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
personal information. Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and
maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before
granting you access to your personal information or complying with your
request. Accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, and you request access
to or deletion of your personal information, we will not be able to process
your request at this time. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each email. For more information on our use of your personal information and your rights, see our Privacy Policy. About
About Us
Rewards Program
Affiliate Program
New! MOBILE APPS
iHerb.com
 Copyright 1997-2023 iHerb, LLC. Upgrade your existing browser using links below.