Skip to main contentFor the latest in luxury brands & exclusive collabs. Customer ServiceReturn An ItemGet HelpFAQsGive Us FeedbackSearch for shoes, clothes, etc. This notice describes our privacy policy. Here are the general categories of information we gather:
 Information You Give Us:We receive and store information you enter on our website, or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for purposes such as responding to your requests, processing your order, customizing future shopping experiences, responding to you, or sending you marketing and advertising communications. Please note that before accessing certain parts of Zappos.com or completing an order, you must create an account with us, through which you must provide certain personal information. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" or other unique identifiers and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Zappos.com or advertisements and other content served by, or on behalf of, Zappos.com on other websites. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. E-mail Communications:To help us make emails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open email from Zappos.com, if your computer supports such capabilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, updated delivery and address information from our carriers and information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud. OUR COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE YOUR HARD DRIVE TO GATHER YOUR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Zappos.com products or services that require you to sign in. Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading it to others. Third-Party Service Providers:We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Promotional Offers:Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Zappos.com customers in collaboration with other businesses. When we do this, we do not allow that business to access your information. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). With Your Consent:Other than as set out above, we may seek your consent for us to share your information with additional third parties, and you will have the opportunity in your discretion to choose not to share your information. We work to protect the security of your information by utilizing encryption methods during the transmission or storage of information you input through our websites and mobile applications. One hundred percent complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline, and we are unable to provide specific guarantees regarding complete security of your personal information; however, we have a team of security professionals that work to safeguard your information. Be sure to sign off and close your browser when finished using a shared computer. Examples include account order history shipping address(es), favorites, contact information, etc. Before ordering products from Zappos.com, you must create a valid account. If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, please adjust your email subscription preferences in your account or click the "unsubscribe" link in the email. Regardless if you receiveour Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Zappos.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.) For State-Specific Privacy Disclosures, please click here. Zappos.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes.