and on behalf of our family of brands (Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, and Athleta) and subsidiaries:
We want to inform and empower you to exercise meaningful control over how your personal information is collected and used. It also explains how we process personal information provided and collected when you interact with us offline(like when you shop in our stores, call our customer service team, or attend our events). We collect contact and registration information when you purchase, exchange, or return products, request services, create a customer account, participate in a Loyalty Rewards Program, redeem promotions, or interact with us forother products and services, such as your name, email address, phone number, billing and shipping address, clothing size and fit preferences, and other information you may choose to provide (like your height, weight, interests and activity preferences, partial birthday, social media handle, preferred language, and your age and gender). We also collect information and content when you engage with us on social media (like when you tag us or our products and services or allow us to follow your social media profile).These types of information includes any information and content you choose to provide or make available, such as opinions, feedback, preferences, wellness goals, photos, images, and social media profiles and handles. We offer Wi-Fi access points in some of our stores. Franchisees
We have franchise agreements with franchisees in a number of countries around the world. We do not share personal information with our franchisees, and they do not share personal information with us. These uses include complying with our legal andregulatory obligations (such as maintaining records of your privacy requests, preferences, and choices), protecting our rights and the rights of others, and fulfilling our corporate obligations. To accomplish our legitimate interests, we may share your information with other parties (as outlined in the Disclosure of personal information and recipients section of this Privacy Policy), including for our advertising and marketing purposes. Close
Disclosure of personal information and recipients
Disclosure of personal information and recipients
: click to collapse
: click to expand
We may disclose or share the types of personal information we collect with:
Our brands and subsidiaries. Your personal information can be viewed by other participants, and they may be able to comment on it and collect and store it elsewhere before you have a chance to remove it. If you participate in a NFT (non-fungible token) program (like Gap Threads), by virtue of the public nature of the blockchain, the holdings and transactions associated with your cryptocurrency wallet address will be publicly available and accessible to third parties. We may provide your information to other third-party companies that we allow to make their goods and services available to you on our online services, market and sell our products, or offer products on a co-branded, co-sponsored, or cross-promotional basis. We may share your information to comply with or enforce the law, legal process, or applicable industry standards (including responding to court orders, warrants, subpoenas, and other requests from public and government authorities) and as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights (including with third parties to help us prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents and combat fraud or other illegal activities) and protect individuals privacy and safety. Parties involved in corporate transactions. You may have an authorized agent make a request on your behalf using the Privacy Requests Form. We work to fulfill requests within the time frames provided by applicable law, and, in some cases, fulfillment make take up to 30 or 45 days depending on where you reside. Please click the Your Privacy Choices link located at the bottom of our sites and within our mobile apps under Customer Service, to opt-out of these uses of your personal information using our Privacy Preference Page and Webform. Some browsersallow you to enable privacy-controls in the browser's settings to automatically signal your opt-out preference to the websites you visit (like the Global Privacy Control). Some automated means may still be used to collect information about your interactions with our online services for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy (like to remember user preferences or enable specific functionality). We use necessary cookies to make our sites work. For example, we may deny your request, if you dont timely respond to our request to confirm your email address or provide other requested information necessary for us to verify your identity or process your request. If you make a request to delete your personal information, we may not be able to delete certain informationif the information is required for us to process your purchase payments or fulfill your orders (exchanges or returns) or requested services. Deactivation may not apply to our in-app notifications and alerts. Additionally, we will never email you with attachments that can be opened. Privacy choices you make on third-party sites, apps, platforms, or content distribution channels will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our online services. Please review our Loyalty Rewards Program Terms and Conditions presented to you when you sign up. We estimated the value of a participants data by comparing the amount spent by participants to similarly situated customers who do not participate in the Loyalty Rewards Programs over a 12-month period. If you request deletion of your personal information, deletion includes your online accountsand Loyalty Program Memberships (unless an exception applies) and all relatedrewards, benefits, and available promotions. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
Privacy Requests
Legal Department  Gap Inc.
2 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States
Minor content removal.