HomeShop
AppZip CardChromeHow It WorksHelpFor Businesses
Chosen region is United StatesSign In
Sign UpSign InSign Up
Open site navigationZip Privacy PolicyLast Updated and Effective as of September 14, 2022Zip is dedicated to informing you on how we will collect, store, protect, use, and share your
personal information when you use our services. You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content,
features, technologies, or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and
services (collectively Zip Services). The revised version will be effective as of the published effective date, indicated at the top of
this Privacy Policy, in which case you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if
you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information submitted
or collected through websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or
who may link to us. Please read
this WebBank Privacy Notice carefully. Aggregate and/or de-identified information is not considered personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information is information that does not identify you directly but may
be linkable to you. We may also collect information from or about you other than through your use of Zip Services, such
as through your contact with us, including our customer support team, your results when you respond
to a survey, your interactions with members of the Zip corporate family or other companies (subject
to their privacy policies and applicable law), and from other accounts we have reason to believe you
control (whether in part or in whole). Mobile devicesWhen you download or use our mobile applications or access one of our mobile-optimized sites, we may
receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for
your device. Cookies and similar technologiesWhen you access our website or use Zip Services, we (including companies we work with) may place
small data files on your computer or another device. Detect, investigate, and prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, such as fraud. Conduct any other legitimate business activities not otherwise prohibited by law. We combine your personal information with information we collect from
other companies and use it to improve and personalize Zip Services, content, and advertising
delivered to you and other users. This may include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, or postal address. If a transaction is held, fails, or is later invalidated, we may also
provide details of the unsuccessful transaction. In doing so, a third party may share information about you with us, such as your
email address or mobile phone number. Regardless, we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have
paid or who has paid you using Zip, or with the third parties that offer or use Zip Services, except
with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with applicable credit card
association rules, a subpoena, or another legal process. Financial institutions that we partner with to jointly create and offer a product. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you
will receive prior notice.)Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order,
or other legal process or requirement applicable to Zip or one of its affiliates; when we need to
do so to comply with law or credit card association rules; or when we believe, in our sole
discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or
financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User
Agreement. Other unaffiliated third parties, for the following purposes:Zip may share nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliates to market to you. If you no longer wish to receive notifications via our
application, you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the application. These third-party cookies help us better
analyze and customize our users' experience as well as deliver interest-based and retargeting
advertisements on websites throughout the Internet. You have the right to control behavioral and interest-based marketing. Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences
regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We also may retain personal information from
your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our User Agreement, or take other actions as required or
permitted by law. We do
not sell personal information of California Consumers, as such term is used in the CCPA.Collection of personal informationCalifornia Consumers have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we
collect regarding our California Consumers and the purposes for which those categories of personal
information will be used. We share this information with our Service Providers to allow them to
perform services on behalf of Zip. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information. To protect our
customers' personal information, we are required to verify the requestor's identity before we can
act on any such request. All other product names, logos, brands, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.