Effective from January 1, 2023.This Privacy Policy is applicable to Quotient Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries and services that link to this Privacy Policy, including Shopmium.com/US, the Shopmium mobile application, and the coupons.com mobile application. For information specific to the Coupons.com website and mobile website, please refer to the coupons.com website specific privacy policy (www.quotient.com/coupons-privacy-policy/).If you are visiting Quotient.com for business purposes and are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, ourEEA and UK Privacy Policyapplies to you. This Privacy Policy applies to the websites, services, and mobile and software applications we own or control (the Services), including emails and designated portions of third-party websites and applications that link to or reference this Privacy Policy. Our Services may include links to third-party websites, applications and services, and embedded third-party tools and widgets. If you provide financial account information to receive funds from the Services, we may utilize Hyperwallet payment services to deliver payments to you that are subject to theHyperwallet Privacy Policy. When you use our Services or install on your computer or other device our coupon printing software, mobile applications, or other applications, we may collect and store information about that device that helps us manage our products and services, deliver a more customized experience for you (including enabling the delivery of more advertising on and off our Sites), and detect and prevent fraud. A cookie is a small text file or identifier. When you visit a Site, we may store one or more cookies or other similar information on your device. OurCookie Policyprovides additional resources on cookies, and information about how to opt-out from certain interest-based advertisements. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent website visits. Please review your browsers settings to learn how to manage your cookies. Log Files and Local Storage (HTML5/Flash Cookies). Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. These tools may use cookies and page tags to collect information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the website, IP address, and type of operating system used. We may also request access to the device storage, camera, microphone and other features, and permission to send you push notifications. We retain all information we collect about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.5. In such circumstances, those other companies will have access to the information needed, including personal information, to provide the applicable service, content or feature on our behalf, but they will not be permitted to use the information for any other purpose, except for the aggregation and other purposes set forth in Section 5.e. We and our Advertising and Measurements Partners also use the combined information and inferences to help partners and other third parties deliver and measure tailored promotions and advertising whether on or off our Sites.(d) We may disclose personal information to other companies with your consent or as part of a specific program or feature provided in partnership with a third party. If you sign up for such promotional emails or text messages, you authorize us to provide your email address or phone number to the applicable third party. If there is personal information that we cannot fully modify or delete upon your request, we will provide you with any available options. Before we are able to modify or correct your personal information, you may be required to provide additional authentication to confirm your identity, which may include, but is not limited to, email verification or a text message. Please note that if you opt out from all promotional emails, we may still send you transactional or administrative messages. Information RightsYou may have the right to make certain requests regarding your personal information or personal data (as such terms are defined under applicable law, and collectively referred to herein as personal information). You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request, if applicable. Your user profile may also link to your public profile from a third-party account if you registered with us through Facebook or other such services. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Quotient, the Quotient logo, Shopmium and the Shopmium logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Quotient Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.