details
Join Kohls Rewards & start earning rewards today. This Privacy Policy also applies to how we treat personal information collected in Kohls retail stores (Stores), Kohls operated retail outlet locations and other locations and events operated by Kohls or its affiliates. By using the Platforms and shopping in our Stores, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may also collect information about the products or services purchased, obtained, considered or returned, as well as other purchasing or consuming histories, behaviors or tendencies. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. Geolocation data
We may collect precise location information from your device. For more information about your choices related to location information, see the Choices section below. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may collect your driver's license information. Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Platforms. Back to Top
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Examples of how we may use your personal information that we collect include: Business Purposes:
To Provide Our Products and Services. This may include responding to your customer feedback. If you use our mobile apps, we may send you push notifications about new products or special offers. It may also include sharing limited data with partners that have a branded store inside our Stores (such as Sephora at Kohls) to facilitate your purchase and participation in a loyalty program you may have with such partner. With Third Parties for Marketing Purposes. These third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves. We may also share your information for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent. How to Submit a Request
To take advantage of your right to know, delete, or correct under the laws of California or Virginia, or to submit an appeal of a denial of your privacy rights under Virginia law, please click here or visit the How to Contact Us section below for additional information on how to contact us. You may alternatively submit your request by calling the toll free number at 855-219-9265. We may request certain information to verify your identity before we can respond to your access, correction, and deletion requests. To take advantage of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information or to opt out of targeted advertising, please click here, which also is on our website footer, or visit the How to Contact Us section below for additional information on how to contact us. We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy. Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: To the extent that we use or disclose sensitive personal information as that term is defined in applicable California law, we limit our use or disclosure of the sensitive personal information for permitted business purposes. By joining Kohls Rewards you will receive certain perks, including, but not limited to:
Kohls Cash Earn up to 7.5% Kohls Rewards on qualifying purchases, which will be converted and issued into $5 Kohls Cash increments on the first day of the following month, valid for 30 days (subject to Kohls Rewards Terms & Conditions). Click here to learn more about Kohls Rewards and to enroll now. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 16, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). Back to Top
LINKS Kohl's Platforms may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. Mobile Application and Location Based Services:
If you have previously opted into Kohl's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application, you may opt-out by adjusting the Settings on your mobile device. We will also post an updated copy on our Platforms.