Skip to main content 
New to Sale  From Our 500+ Partner Stores. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our "Services"), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us online. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You may only provide us your friends information if you have that persons consent or have obtained all the proper permissions. Please do not share any information with us that you are not authorized to share. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our Cookie Policy and the Your Choices section below. Information We Collect from Other Sources We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from other ModeSens users or influencers, and data analytics providers. SHARING OF INFORMATION We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy: We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising. We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of ModeSens, our users, the public, or others. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. BROWSER DO NOT TRACK Our website does not support Do Not Track (DNT) at this time. For more details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us. TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES ModeSens is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. If you initially consent to our collection of such location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device. Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device or desktop. affords consumers residing in California certain additional rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. California Consumer Privacy Act
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
identifiers, information subject to Cal. Code  1798.80(e), commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information (if you apply for a job with ModeSens), visual or similar information, inferences drawn about you and other categories of personal information that relate to, describe or are reasonably capable of being associated with you. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above. You may make these requests by emailing info@modesens.com. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. To opt out of the financial incentives, please contact us at info@modesens.com to submit a request.