30
History
clear
Register / Sign In
English EnglishFranais MY ORDERS order My Wishlist wishlist My Coupons Free Points Free Points My Reviews My Reviews
0
LANGUAGEEnglishFranais Select Other LanguageCURRENCY$USDCHFJPYKr. SEKEURHK$HKDR$BRLILSGBPCNY$CLPMXN$MXN$AUD.RUBkr. Tracking Packages
Report Security Issues
Privacy Policy
Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your customer account will then be deleted. We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case. When you comment on an article or a contribution, we collect your personal data (name, email address, comment text) only in the scope provided by you. Payment service providers
Using PayPal
All PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement. You can found this at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en
Your data will be forwarded to a service provider for email marketing in the course of order processing. f GDPR due to our largely justified interest:
- in the needs-based and target-oriented design of our website, for example, with tools for analysis and statistics
- in addressing the website visitors in a targeted manner using interest-based advertisement, e.g. using conversion tracking
You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become Privacy Shield certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws. You can prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to opt-out on all systems and devices in use for this to work comprehensively. Data processing serves the purpose of analysing this website and its visitors. Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. You can find more detailed information on Google remarketing as well as the associated data protection declaration at:https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
Use of Facebook remarketing
Our website uses the remarketing function Custom Audiences by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; Facebook).This function serves to address the visitor to the website with interest-related advertising on the social network Facebook. If you visit certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Microsoft can recognise that you have clicked on the advert and were forwarded to this page. As a result, you will not be part of the conversion tracking statistics. It is only if you watch a video that information is transmitted to and stored by YouTube. If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests or rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims. Join
Register a New Account By submitting, I confirm all information provided is my own; I understand and agree it will be used as per the Dresslily Privacy Policy . It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you dont have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. Essential - these are cookies that are required for the regular operation of our websites. These cookies record your visit to our website and the content you interact with, and may also be used to manage the number of times that you see an advertisement. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed.