Last updated: April 5, 2022
1661, Inc. d/b/a GOAT (GOAT, we, us, our) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you about our collection, use and disclosure of information when individuals (you) visit www.goat.com (the Site) and our mobile applications (Apps) and any other properties that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the Service). In the course of using the Service, we may ask you for certain information that can be used to contact or identify you, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone number and payment card and billing information and any other information you provide when you communicate with us (Personal Information). We may also use your IP address to derive your devices general location. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. We may share your information with your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing. This includes sharing the types of technical information that we collect as described above (including information that identifies a device), to the extent permitted by law. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, the Service may not function as intended. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use the Service, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We may display targeted advertising to individuals through social media platforms, such as Facebook and other social media platforms. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
If you have registered with the Service, you may review, update, correct or delete the information in your profile through your profile page. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the Last Updated date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. These California disclosures supplement the information contained in our Privacy Policy and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California (consumers or you). We collect the personal information described above under Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for a Business Purpose in categories A, B, D, E, and F from the following sources:
Consumers, including through activity on our Site and Apps;
Service providers; and
Affiliates not under the GOAT brand. To opt out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, please follow the instructions in the programs terms and conditions or contact us using the contact information referenced in the Privacy Policy. Storing and Transferring Your Personal Data. International Transfers of Your Personal Data. In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you. These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our Site or to provide certain functionalities within the Site. We may use this information to make our Site and the marketing messages we send to you more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties who provide a service to us for this purpose. How we may use your contact information and the legal bases for processing:
We may use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the Service. The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Terms of Use. We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send only those marketing communications to which you have consented. How we may use all personal data set out above and the legal basis for processing:
We may use all the personal data we collect to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, to communicate with you, to monitor and improve the Service and business, and to help us develop new products and services. We may use this information to monitor and improve the Service, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services. How we may use log files and information about your device and the legal bases for processing:
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device. The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to tailor the Service to the user. Sign up for exclusive promos, popular releases & moreSign UpBy signing up, you confirm you want to receive emails about GOAT's products and services and you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.