2023 Sam's Club
Our Newsroom
+
Media Library
Contact Media Relations
Our Leadership
Our Company
Corporate Responsibility
+
Culture, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability
Our Social
+
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
SHOP
WMT
Data unavailable
Search
Sam's Club Privacy Notice
Published on December 09, 2020
and last updated on January 04, 2023 06:11 PM
Last Updated: Dec. 21, 2022
By
Sam's Club Privacy Notice Summary
What Does This Privacy Notice Include? How Do We Share Your Personal Information Outside of Sams Club? How Do We Secure Your Personal Information? How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information? Who Can I Contact at Sams Club About this Privacy Notice? This Privacy Notice describes how we handle your personal information, the reasons we do so, the choices you may have regarding our use of the information, and the measures we take to protect the security of the information. Specialized operations may include areas such as health services operations, including Walmart pharmacies, vision centers, and clinics; financial products and services that we offer either directly or in connection with business partners; and mobile device retail installment sales. Our specific privacy notices for our specialized operations include: Our Health & Wellness operation (pharmacy and optical) which uses patient health information as described in the health services Notice of Privacy Practices. Browsing Information: We use our own and third party technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and mobile device identifiers to collect information about the use of our websites and mobile services. Through mobile services, Bluetooth technology in our Clubs allows us to show you nearby products that may interest you, making it easier for you to locate products within and navigate through the store. All of the categories of personal information that we collect have been shared with other companies, including those within our corporate family, for a business purpose. Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Sams Club maintain facilities. Credit OffersIf you apply for a Sams Club Membership, we may share your personal information with the company that we partner with to offer co-branded credit card programs. For more information on how to stop receiving prescreened offers of consumer credit see What are Your Choices? We will use reasonable measures to help ensure that any successor treats your information in accordance with this Notice. Deidentified & Aggregated Personal InformationSams Club continually strives to make member shopping experiences more relevant and with less friction and may offer related services and insights to its suppliers and others. These insights do not identify individual members. Sams Club does not receive payment for this information. Marketing PreferencesWhen we are sending marketing communications to you, we use the following standards:We use an opt-in standard for automated phone and text messages, and for sharing personal information with companies outside our corporate family of companies for their use in direct marketing of their products, such as sending you promotions for their products. As a Sams Club member, you may update your marketing preferences any of the following ways:Online: By logging on to your SamsClub.com account and clicking edit under Email preferences in the Member profile. It may take up to ten days to process your requests related to email and up to 30 days to process your requests related to telephone calls, text messages, app notification and sharing information with your consent. Since we do not accept opt-out requests from third parties (except as described in our California Privacy Notice, linked to from the State Privacy Rights section below), such as catalog opt-out services, please communicate your request directly to us through one of the mechanisms mentioned above. Interest-Based Advertising PreferencesWe personalize your experience on our sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. You can adjust the location settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates this information. In addition, we may offer you controls on our use of your mobile location information. See What Types of Information Do We Collect? We provide you with various ways to access or update your personal information, including contact and account information. If you need assistance accessing records related to your personal information collected, created, or received by our health services operations or financial services operations, please visit the What Privacy Protections Apply to Specific Types of Personal Information? You can also contact us the Privacy Office via the address below:Mail:Sams Club Corporate Privacy 702 SW 8th Street, MS #0160Bentonville, AR 72716-0160
What Are Your State Privacy Rights? We will post the date our Notice was last updated.