Skip to main contentYou are currently in a drawer. To exit to the main application, use the escape key. Log in< HomePrivacy PolicyLast updated: May 4, 2023
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used, and shared by OfferUp, Inc. (hereafter OfferUp, our, we, or us). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website, mobile applications,
when you interact with us, and when you use other online services (collectively, the OfferUp Service). Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use the OfferUp Service, we automatically collect information about you, including:
We log information about your use of the OfferUp Service, including the type of browser you use,
access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our OfferUp Service. We may also use your IP address to infer an approximate geographic location for your computer or device. For more details, please see the Your Choices section below. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them,
please see the Your Choices section below. When you register through the OfferUp Service to receive electronic payments via Stripe's services, we will share certain information
about you with Stripe, including name, address (if provided by you) and IP address, as directed by you to sign up for Stripe's services. In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. With your consent or at your direction, including as mentioned in the Social Sharing Features section below or if we otherwise notify you through the OfferUp Service
that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. When You Choose to Share Outside of OfferUp. To reactivate your account, you can sign in using the same username and password. From your logged-in mobile device, click Account > Settings and scroll to Account deletion and follow the prompts. If you are a resident of California or Virginia and would like to exercise your rights under your state's consumer privacy law,
please see State Specific Disclosures below. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended by
the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) which applies to the personal information we collect about California residents. Please refer to Section I through Section III above for the categories of information we collect, the purpose for such collection, and when we share information. The Right to Correct inaccurate information we maintain about you. CCPA requires that we provide transparency about personal information we share and sell. If you have not opted out, we
allow Google's online advertising service to collect identifiers (such as cookies and other device identifiers) and internet or other electronic network information
(such as the webpage you visited) through the OfferUp Service for the purpose of sending personalized ads to you. This activity may be considered a sale under California law. To opt out of sharing or selling to third parties, you can change your settings in the mobile app by selecting Account > Settings, and scrolling to the Privacy section and clicking
on the Edit button next to Advertising Settings or by visiting our Do Not Sell My Personal Information webpage. We do not knowingly sell personal information about consumers under the age of 16. To submit a request to know about your personal information that has been collected, sold, or shared, to correct inaccurate information, or a request to delete your account,
please send an email to [emailprotected]. We will verify your request by asking you
to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. You may designate another person as your authorized agent to act on your behalf with regard to CCPA requests. If you have designated an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and will still ask you to verify your identity with us directly. The Right to Delete personal information we have collected from or about you, subject to certain permitted limitations or exceptions. The Right to Opt-Out of selling personal information and the right to opt-out of targeted advertising.