This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) explains the type of information we may obtain from individuals who visit our websites (each, a Site and collectively, Sites) or use our mobile applications (each, an App and collectively, Apps), which includes tools such as chat available through our Sites and Apps. We may send you communications about promotions or offers via regular mail, email, text messaging or other electronic channels, including ads on Social Media Services. Administering promotions, such as sweepstakes and contests. We and third-party ad technology providers may collect information about you and your devices over time and across different websites and online services through the use of tracking tools, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs, pixels, device identifiers and other online information-gathering tools. See the Interest-based advertising opt-out section of this Privacy Policy, below, for information on how you may opt out of such advertising. They may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize ad content. We may disclose the information we obtain about you to service providers who perform services on our behalf (e.g., to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal mail and/or email, analyze data, provide telehealth services, provide session replay services, provide marketing research and assistance, process credit card payments, detect and prevent fraud, and provide customer service including through automated and live chat features). If you elect to use pharmacy services available through our Services and/or fulfilled by Chewy Pharmacy KY, LLC or Chewy Pharmacy, LLC or other affiliates or subsidiaries, the pharmacy may share your and/or your pets information with veterinary care providers to validate prescriptions or provide other advice. If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of this Privacy Policy called State Privacy Notice, below. If you set your browser to limit or remove cookies or otherwise block our use of cookies, some Site features may be unavailable or unable to function properly. Your device may not give you the ability to control cookies. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 online without the consent of the childs parent or guardian, we will use all reasonable efforts to promptly delete such information. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify our privacy practices and update and make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about consumers. To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law. We may share your personal information with certain third parties (such as online advertising services) or allow them to collect personal information via automated technologies on our Sites and Apps for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Code  1798.80
 Commercial Information
 Online Activity
 Geolocation Data
 Sensory Information
 Inferences
Our Service Providers
 Identifiers
 Additional Data Subject to Cal. To exercise your rights, please see the Exercise of Your Rights section. Right to Correct: You have the right to correct inaccurate personal information we hold about you. For existing customers, you may log in your account to correct your personal information. Note that you also can use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to signal your opt-out preference. For authorized agents making a request on a consumers behalf, download a verification form here to complete and submit the completed form together with the above request. An authorized agents request will be denied without this form properly submitted. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH AND VIRGINIA
Last updated: January 1, 2023
This Privacy Notice (State Privacy Notice) supplements the Chewy Privacy Policy. This State Privacy Notice does not apply to Chewy personnel or job applicants. We may share your personal information with certain third parties as described above, which may be considered a sale under some state laws when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration. We have various procedures to verify that you are authorized to exercise your rights under the applicable state laws. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the applicable state laws, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us, though we may not be able to provide some services to you without such information. You may also email us at service@chewy.com.