Privacy Policy
(Last Updated: 9/26/2022)
Download Privacy Policy (PDF)
WELCOME! Note About Selfie-Series:
As of September 2022, the Pulse Mobile app includesSelfie Series, anoptionalapp experience that allows users located in the United States to create customized products resembling their likeness (Selfie). If you are a California resident, please see the "Additional disclosures for California residents"in section 9. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to frequent audits of the Services and other online products and services operated by us, and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB. IMPORTANT NOTES TO USERS
GEOGRAPHIC LIMITATION
We control and operate the Services from the United States, and do not accept orders to be shipped to countries outside the United States (except for APO/FPO addresses) and Canada. AGE RESTRICTION
The Services are not intended for individuals under 16 years of age, and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from individuals under 16 years of age in connection with the Services. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with additional notice of such changes by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site. If the Services collect and/or share personal information in a manner that differs from what is described in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the purposes for which such information will be collected and/or with whom such information will be shared (if applicable), whether via a just-in-time notification at the point of collection or via an alternate notice. Clear GIFs:Clear GIFs, sometimes called "web bugs" or "web beacons," are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an email message or advertisement. Currently, our system does not support and cannot act on DNT signal headers that we may receive. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES
We and our service providers may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Services. This Privacy Policy does not govern such sharing. Your use of these online services is subject to the other parties privacy policies and terms of use and, if available, on the privacy settings you establish with the party that provides social sharing features. LINKING TO EXTERNAL SITES, APPLICATIONS, AND OTHER ONLINE SERVICES
To provide relevant information not found on the Services and to allow you to interact with other websites, applications, and/or other online services with which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites) or which may be of interest to you, Hasbro may provide links or embed applications on the Services that allow you to login to or otherwise engage with online services not operated or controlled by Hasbro. Face Tech data collected (which can only be collected by your explicit consent before using the Selfie functionality) includes a digital file representing the 3D geometry of your face and one or more digital photographs of your face taken during the scanning process that have been altered to stretch over the mesh geometry(Face Tech Data). Hasbro will not share (or sell) the Face Tech Data with any other persons, companies, or third parties. You may request to have your information, other than your Face Tech Data, if any, which is automatically deleted as described above,by requesting such deletion here. We use this information to improve the Services and your experience, to see which areas and features of the Services are popular, and for which visitors, and to count visits. These other parties use cookies, web beacons, and other devices or technologies to collect information about your visits to websites and mobile applications, including to the Services. MATCHED ADS
Websites and applications owned or operated by other parties may display ads from Hasbro that are targeted to reach people (or people similar to people) on those websites or applications who have visited our Services or are also identified on one of more of Hasbro's databases. REGARDING COOKIES
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Services. REGARDING ANALYTICS AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Google provides tools to manage the collection and use of certain information by Google Analytics attools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Under the CCPA, however, some of our advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the "Analytics and Advertising section may be considered a sale that California residents have the right to opt-out of.. Accordingly, please see the Right to Opt-Out section below, which provides you with information on how to opt out. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to correct inaccurate information within 45 days. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Otherwise, you may submit opt out requests by calling our toll-free number at (800) 255-5516, or emailing us atDPO@hasbro.com. AUTHORIZED AGENT
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. As aforementioned, Hasbro is a licensee of the ESRB's Privacy Certified Program.