INTRODUCTION
OpenSooq.com Limited (OpenSooq) is a leading classifieds platform that offers sellers the opportunity to list products and services under a number of categories, and the opportunity for buyers to browse, search for, and contact sellers to buy the listed products or services. In this Terms of Use the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them:
Service(s) means any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by us. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE PLATFORMS AND SERVICES NOW OR FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY SUCH CHANGES AND/OR UPDATES AND/OR MODIFICATIONS WILL INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND ANY CHANGES AND/OR UPDATES AND/OR MODIFICATIONS MADE THERETO. By accessing the Platform or using the Service, you agree that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy. Should you object to any term or condition of these Terms, any guideline, or any subsequent changes thereto or become unhappy with OpenSooq or the Service in any way, you must immediately discontinue use of the Platform and the Service, otherwise, such continued use shall be deemed to be an explicit consent of these Terms. Furthermore, if there are any inconsistencies between the English version of the Terms and any translation, the English version of the Terms shall prevail. As far as the law allows, you are responsible for and must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content. you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person or business in the Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual
person or business to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service, the Platform and these Terms. "Antiquities" and "Art Treasures" not authorized for sale or trading under any applicable law. Information or items that are defamatory, libelous, threatening or abusive in nature. Electronically transmitting through any medium computer viruses of any type or any computer program that facilitates hacking of a computer system with the intent to damage a computer or computer network or intercept any personal data. Lottery tickets, sweepstakes entries and slot machines. Weapons and related items (such as firearms, firearm parts and magazines, ammunition, tear gas, stun guns or switchblade knives). Loans, funding services, & financing companies that are not licensed. Listings for maid or maids waiver unless its locally licensed offices or Companies. VALUE ADDED SERVICES (VAS) AND ONLINE PURCHASES (OP)
3.1OpenSooq offers a variety of value added services where users may pay a non-refundable fee to have their listings posted in selected locations on the Platform, thus potentially increasing a listings visibility. OpenSooq makes no representation or guarantee as to the safety or security of the information transmitted to any Third Party Platform, and your linking to any Third Party Platform is completely at your own risk, and OpenSooq disclaims all liability related thereto. In order to purchase any paid product or Service, you may be required to transmit certain information through a third party service provider, a Third Party Platform, that may be governed by its own terms of use and other policies. The credit or points purchased will automatically expire after one year of the purchasing date if not used and you consent and agree to this and:
Only registered users are eligible to purchase credits and use the OpenSooq Wallet. OpenSooq reserves the right to stop selling OpenSooq Wallet credits and/or change the cost, as well as the manner by which a registered user can purchase, store and/or use OpenSooq Wallet credits at its sole discretion. Furthermore, if you are found to be in non-compliance with the laws and regulations, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy of the Platform, OpenSooq may terminate your account/block your access to the Platforms or Services and OpenSooq reserves the right to remove any non-compliant Content uploaded by you without any prior notice, and shall not be held liable in any way whatsoever. Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties. OpenSooq reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice,including in the event that the user breaches these Terms of Use or any contract entered into with OpenSooq or the user failing to pay (or delaying the payment of) any amounts which are due within the time period agreed with OpenSooq without procuring the prior approval of OpenSooq. Any assignment or transfer by you shall be null and void. There are things that may go wrong when using the Platform and/or the Service, including what is listed in this Section. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. MISCELLANEOUS
15.1 You agree that with respect to any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between you and OpenSooq (or any related third parties) that relates in any way to the Terms, your use of or access of the Platform and the Services will be resolved pursuant to the laws of England and Wales without regard to principles of conflict of laws. The arbitration will be conducted under the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Rules as amended from time to time after notice has been provided to the other party. 15.6 The following Sections survive any termination of the Terms: Conduct; Disclaimer of Warranties;
Limitations of Liability and Miscellaneous. Build id: 18bb8c42a6ce76ae0d638c054e92d90ebb3260c3Timestamp: Mon May 29 2023 18:23:45 GMT+0300 (Arabian Standard Time)U.A: axios/1.4.0Faster.