Privacy Settings
Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like:
basic site functions
ensuring secure, safe transactions
secure account login
remembering account, browser, and regional preferences
remembering privacy and security settings
analysing site traffic and usage
personalized search, content, and recommendations
helping sellers understand their audience
showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy
Detailed information can be found in Etsys Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy and our Privacy Policy. This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com (which well refer to as the "Site"), Etsys mobile applications (the "Apps"), Pattern by Etsy, Etsy Payments, Etsys public Application Program Interface (the API), and our other services provided by Etsy, Inc. or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on your location ("Etsy," together with "we," "us," and "our"). If you dont want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this policy, you shouldnt use the Services. We obtain the categories of personal information listed below from the following sources: directly from you, for example, from forms you complete or during registration; indirectly from you based on your activity and interaction with our Services, or from the device or browser you use to access the Services; from our vendors and suppliers that help provide Etsy services you may interact with (such as, for example, for payments or customer support), and from our third party advertising and marketing partners. For both buyers and sellers, Etsy requires this information from you in order to provide you with the Services (including, to verify ownership of an account, to mitigate fraud and abuse, to comply with regulatory obligations, or to complete a transaction as a buyer or seller). With your consent, we may also determine location by using other information from your device, such as precise location information from GPS or information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device. If you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, it is subject to your agreements with that third party (like their Terms of Use and privacy notices), and Etsy can receive information from that application. Pattern by Etsy: We also collect certain information from both members and non-members who visit websites hosted by us. When you contact a seller using Etsy Messages, the feature that allows buyers and sellers to communicate through the Services, we may share aggregated information about your use of the Services to sellers, for example if you are a frequent purchaser or a new buyer,
so they can provide you with better service and so we improve our Site and Apps. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, notification of an order, service availability, modification of key features or functions, relaying Messages with buyers, and correspondence with Etsys Support team (including by chat interface or the other methods of communication as described above). Please note that some changes to your account settings may take a few days to take effect. If you close your Etsy account, your Community account, which allows you to post in Forums, will also be closed and related personal information will be deleted. Legal Bases
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information for the purposes described in this policy. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users, and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services. Keeping our Services Safe and Secure: We use your information for safety and security purposes, which can include
sharing your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party in ensuring the security of our Services, preventing harm to individuals or property, or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage to Etsys systems, or those of our users or our partners. Such partners will process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services. To the full extent applicable in your jurisdiction, Etsy is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these sellers, API users, or other websites on the internet, even those linked to or from the Services. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. See this Help Center article for more information. By visiting your account settings, you can correct and change certain personal information associated with your account. This is without prejudice to your right to generally permanently close your account and delete your personal information. Right to Opt Out of the "Sale" of Personal Information: Etsy does not "sell" personal information as that term is traditionally understood; however, our use of third-party tracking technologies for interest-based advertising may be considered a sale of personal data under California law. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requesters valid government issued identification, and the authorized agents valid government issued identification, and we may verify the authenticity of the request directly with you. A more detailed explanation of the technologies we use, and how to opt out when applicable, can be found in Etsys Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy. This category includes personal information protected under pre-existing California law (Cal. The Sources and Purposes for Our Collection
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described above, and we use these categories of personal information for our business and commercial purposes as described in the Information Uses, Sharing and Disclosure section above, including providing and improving the Services, maintaining the safety and security of the Services, processing purchase and sale transactions, and for advertising and marketing services. Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
You can opt out of receiving interest based advertising through your account privacy settings, or the Privacy / Do not sell my personal info links located at the footer of our homepage and most pages of the Site. If we believe that the changes are material, well let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update in the version notes on the Apps platform. Enter your email
Subscribe
Loading
Captcha failed to load.