This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the The Krazy Coupon Lady website or mobile application and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Internet or other similar network activity. If you choose to use our mobile application (app), data about what you visit in our app and how long you stay there is made available to us. To learn more about Freestar's data usage, click here: https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience. To determine the country in which you are located for the purpose of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliance and other uses. How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools to you in the future. Googles use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your internet browsing history. Third party linksAt our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website or mobile application. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and mobile application and welcome any feedback about these sites. Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Consent is not a condition of any purchase. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Contacting UsIf you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the email address below:inquiries@thekrazycouponlady.comNOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY:California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA). CalOPPA requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Internet or other similar network activity: To optimize ad and content delivery to our website and mobile application users by areas of interest. In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed or sold to third parties for a commercial or business purpose the following categories of personal information collected from users:Identifiers, i.e., name, username, mobile device ID, Internet Protocol address, and email address. When you make such a request, we must verify your identity and confirm that you are a California Resident eligible to make such a request. Only if we cannot verify your identity and residency using the first two methods, we may request additional information from you. If you wish to access specific pieces of information collected from you, you will be asked to provide three data points establishing your identity and residency, together with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person whose collected personal information is the subject of the request. This information will be used only for the purpose of verifying your identity in order to determine whether you may exercise rights under the CCPA, and for security and fraud-prevention purposes. If we suspect fraud or malicious activity on or from a password-protected account, we will not comply with the request until we have undertaken further verification procedures to determine the request is authentic. We maintain some collected personal information in de-identified form (i.e., in a form from which your personal or device identity cannot be determined). We are not obligated to delete information that is in de-identified form, nor are we obligated to re-identify that information in order to verify your identity for the purpose of processing a request from you. To request deletion of your collected personal information, you may call the following toll-free number: (800) 432-3607. To verify this information, we may do the following:Ask you to enter your log-in email and password, if you have a registered KCL account. REQUESTS TO OPT OUT OF THE SALE OF COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION:You may choose for us not to sell the personal information we collect from you. Alternatively, you may contact us at the following email address: privacy@thekrazycouponlady.com.