This U.S. Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on the Services, how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. Please review this U.S. Privacy Policy carefully, In addition, please review the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Services. With your permission, we may receive the precise geolocation and other location information of your mobile device through GPS, Bluetooth and WiFi signals, and other technologies to provide you with the Apps, facilitate online orders and offer you personalized coupons and other offers. These social media platforms may be able to collect certain information on your visits to the Services regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the social media platform. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties own direct marketing purposes unless you consent (opt-in or opt-out) to such sharing. If you choose to enter a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotions terms or official rules (such as on a winners list). We may share information, typically information that has been hashed or otherwise de-identified or pseudonymized (including hashed email addresses), Usage Information, and location information, with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads on and off the Services. We use Hotjars third-party web analytics services to better understand our users needs and to optimize our Services. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register their intent not to receive targeted advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. When you choose to turn on the Do Not Track settings in your browser, your browser will send a signal to websites, analytics providers, advertisements networks, plug-in providers, and other web service providers you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. Global Privacy Control: Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking. ALDI does not control this content or these sites. ALDI is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals younger than 18. Your continued use of any of the Services after the effective date of the revised U.S. Privacy Policy will constitute your consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. Batavia, IL 60510
Back to TopNotice to Navada ResidentsNavada S.B. 220 provides consumers with the ability to opt out of the sale of their personal information. This Notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their personal information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder (collectively, the CPRA). Verifying Your Requests We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity based upon the information you provide and the type of request you are making. We will follow up to request a signed, written permission signed by the individual who is the subject of the request authorizing you to make the request on their behalf. Please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that you are authorized to act on the consumers behalf, we may deny the request. If you have questions about any of these rights, please call us at 833-602-2534. If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right to Correct, please submit your request by emailing data.privacy@aldi.us, or by calling us at 833-602-2534. Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Under the CPRA, a business must only provide the Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information when sensitive personal information is collected or processed for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or does not fall under certain statutory exceptions, pursuant to CPRA  1798.121. Other Important Information for Do Not Sell or Share ALDI engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities), which may be considered a sale or share for cross-context behavioral advertising as defined in the CCPA and CPRA. Any categories of personal information described in subdivision 1798.140. We may collect this type of information from:Consumers; 	Cookies and tracking technologies; 	Third party social media companies; 	Third party business partners, such as data analytics providers, data brokers, advertising networks, or joint marketing partners. Protected classification characteristics. Inferences drawn from other personal information. We may use this type of information for:Identifying your preferences and tailoring our content and recommendations for you; 	Improving our services and marketing endeavors; 	For internal business purposes; 	Facilitating your job search, processing your employment application, and preparing related governmental and internal statistics reports; 	Other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent. We may disclose this type of information to:Third party service providers; 	Affiliates and subsidiaries; 	Third party advertising and analytics companies; 	Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders); 	Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or other ownership transition; 	Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them.