Skip to main content
Contact us
What can we help you with? 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (the "GDPR") and Law No. Modification of the Policy: the Policy can be modified at any time. The current version is the one available on the Platform. Information relating to the management of the messages you write to us, the management of disputes and inappropriate behavior: Messages (requests, complaints) sent to customer service or by contacting us on social networks (private or public message, including by "tagging" us); Type of warning received by the user; Date of receipt of the warning by the user; Information contained in judicial requests; Complaint from a user (content, reason, date and time). Sensitive Data: We do not collect sensitive data. Processing that we carry out to execute pre-contractual measures and our General Conditions
We process your personal data to:
Allow you to create an account on the Platform;
Help you manage your account;
Enter into contracts with us;
Provide you with our services (direct shipping, integrated seller-buyer messaging service, integrated customer service messaging service, integrated negotiation tool, item controls etc.); Your answers are then processed on the basis of your consent;
To allow other users to have access to certain information about you (user name, date of registration, such as country where the item is located, number of products sold, badges earned by a seller, seller's rating etc.), A review is then carried out by our anti-fraud department which may contact you to verify your identity. You can deactivate them at any time from your account. Analyze the answers you agree to share with us when you respond to our surveys (satisfaction, poll, feature test, etc.). In this case, you will be given information specific to the operations and partner brands. - The data collected through cookies and tracers on the Platform are kept in accordance with the "cookies" section of the Policy);
- The data collected can be kept in a form that does not allow your identification (anonymization) for analytics and statics purposes, without limitation of duration;
- The data related to online applications are kept for 2 (two) years and then deleted;
In some cases, we may retain certain personal data about you even if you delete your account, by legal obligation, or if we have an overriding legitimate interest in retaining some of your data (ex. Your data will not be sold to third parties under any circumstances. b) Setting your browser or terminal
You can also set your browser or terminal to manage cookies in general, regardless of the website or application concerned. Rejecting or deleting cookies may prevent the site in question from functioning properly. You will be able to find out which companies are registered with this platform and which offer the possibility of disabling interest-based advertising by using the tool provided on this site. This does not mean that you will no longer receive advertisements when you browse the Internet, but that what you see on the websites you visit will no longer be particularly relevant to you and your interests, and may therefore be less relevant. These cookies are either necessary for the operation of our Platform, or installed as a response on our part to actions that you have carried out and that constitute a request for services. These cookies allow us to deduce your user profile and recommend products, services and content that best suit your preferences, and to offer you certain promotional offers on our Platform. Retention period: Their life span is very short, generally the time of the session, a few hours and a maximum of 13 months. Consequence in case of blocking: No consequence on the use of the Platform. By accepting these cookies, you benefit from an enriched and personalised experience. Details of the purposes:
to offer you content, products and services that are personalised according to your preferences, interests and your browsing and use of the Platform;
to identify your visit to our Platform, track the pages you visit and the links you click; to understand your user profile to better tailor our Platform and the advertisements displayed on it to your interests. 4.5) Social network sharing cookies (subject to your consent):
We may include on our site, computer applications from third parties, which allow you to share content from our site with other people or to let these other people know your consultation or your opinion concerning a content of our Platform. We invite you to consult the privacy protection policies of these social networks in order to learn about the purposes for which they may use the browsing information they may collect through these application buttons, particularly for advertising purposes. Prior to any transfer outside the EU, Vestiaire Collective has ensured that:
(i) the destination countries provide an adequate level of protection for personal data recognized by the European Commission; or
(ii) appropriate safeguards have been adopted (for example, by signing, with the recipient, the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or authorized by a supervisory authority). To facilitate your request, we ask you to write us from the email address you used to create your account on the Platform. In this case, we may ask you to prove your identity by completing a form and providing a copy of an official identity document. Only the departments that need to see these documents will process your data.