craigslist > about > privacy policy
craigslist Privacy Policy (updated September 15, 2020)
terms of use|
feedback
This policy details how data about you is used when you access our websites and services, including via our mobile applications (together, "CL") or interact with us. If we update it, we will revise the date, place notices on CL if changes are material, and/or obtain your consent as required by law. Protecting your privacy
We take precautions to prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of data about you. We do not run ads, other than the classifieds posted by our users. We do not engage in cross-marketing or link-referral programs. We do not employ tracking devices for marketing purposes. We do not send you unsolicited communications for marketing purposes. We do not engage in affiliate marketing (and prohibit it on CL). We do provide email proxy & relay services to reduce unwanted email. Please review privacy policies of any third party sites linked to from CL. We do not respond to "Do Not Track" signals (see allaboutdnt.com). Data we collect, use and disclose:
Below is a list of all the types of data we have collected in the last 12 months, where we got it, why we collected it and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed it. We do not sell your data to third parties. Please note that disclosure to "Payment processors" applies when you pay for a craigslist post using a credit card. to protect the rights, property, or safety of CL users, CL, or the general public. at your direction (e.g. if you authorize us to share data with other users). in connection with a merger, bankruptcy, or sale/transfer of assets. Data we store
We retain data as needed to facilitate and personalize your use of CL, combat fraud/abuse and/or as required by law. We make good faith efforts to store data securely, but can make no guarantees. You may access and update certain data about you via your account login. California Users:
To learn more about the California Consumer Privacy Act and how it applies to you, please visit the California Attorney-General's website. Right to know: You have the right to request that we disclose the data we collect, use and disclose, and other information relating to data we collect about you. Right to non-discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising the rights listed above. You may submit a request to know or delete via craigslist.org/about/ccpa or ccpa@craigslist.org . Only you, or someone you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete your data. An authorized agent may make a request on your behalf by providing written permission signed by you. We will need to confirm your identity before processing your request by asking you to log into your existing account (if you are a registered user) or by asking you for additional information, such as a government issued ID, to confirm your identity against information we have already collected. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of said content or information from the Internet. For more information please contact our privacy officer at privacy@craigslist.org . 2023 craigslistCL
help
safety
privacy
feedback
terms
about
craigslist app
cl is hiring