Skip to main content Advanced
Sign InSign In Categories All categoriesFeaturedNewly Listed My ShopGoodwill Personal InformationOpen OrdersShipped OrdersAuctions in ProgressClosed AuctionsFavoritesPersonal Shopper Customer Service Saved SearchesPickup ScheduleStoriesPrivacy Last Updated and Effective Date: 01/18/2023
Introduction
Goodwill Industries of Orange County, (Goodwill OC, us, we, or our) is the operator of the ShopGoodwill website (Site), and we respect the privacy concerns of users of the Site. We are providing this Privacy Policy so that you can better understand how we collect, use, and share information that is gathered using our Product. Create and maintain an account a ShopGoodwill.com. Subscribe to or engage with our newsletters or other electronic communications. Linked Sites have their own personal information collection and use practices, and we are not responsible for those practices. Our processing of the personal information of job applicants/candidates and workforce members is not governed by his policy. For example, a username, screen name, handle, account ID, assigned user ID, customer number, or similar identifier that can be used to identify and user or account. If you provide us personal information other than that described above, we will collect it and use it for the purposes for which you provide it or other consistent purposes. 2.2 Personal Information We Derive Through Your Use of Our Site
We and our third-party partners use cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs, pixels, internet tags, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, tracking technologies) to gather information when you interact with our websites, mobile apps, and email communications. Information about the content you view and searches you make on our Site(s).Website Log and Usage Data. Policy Enforcement including enforcing our terms of service and related policies. Advertising & Marketing to send advertisements and marketing material via physical and electronic mail relating to product specials and other promotional events or offers, perform marketing research and data analytics, and perform similar activities. Defending Against Claims & Litigation to defend against or respond to potential or actual claims and litigation. We share personal information with Sellers on the Site to facilitate billing, delivery, accounting, payment, and other activities related to the transaction. These are those persons or entities with whom we have a relationship to provide business operations services and support to Goodwill OC and the Site. These include service providers with whom we partner to provide day-to-day business operations, including payment processors, security vendors, business software service providers, and shipping companies. These include lawyers, accountants, consultants, security professionals, and other similar parties when disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, prevent or respond to fraud or abuse, defend ourselves against attacks, or protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our customers, and the public. Legally Required Parties/Governmental Entities. You may request and obtain the removal of such posted content by contacting us at Support@shopgoodwill.com and specifically identifying the content to be removed. Your Privacy Preferences You can control the collection and use of personal information for some of our processing activities in the following ways:Adjusting Communication PreferencesEmails From Goodwill OC: If you wish to no longer receive marketing email communications from us, you can click on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of the email or email us at Support@shopgoodwill.com to let us know, and we will remove you as soon as possible. Opting out of marketing or newsletter emails will not opt-you out of all emailswe may need to send you transactional or similar emails related to your Goodwill OC account, purchases, legal or contractual updates, or similar topics. Blocking Cookies Most web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can alter how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the settings. Privacy Related Requests
Some jurisdictions provide covered individuals with specific privacy rights which can be exercised against covered entitieswhich do not typically include non-profit organizations like Goodwill OC. To request correction of inaccurate personal information maintained by us. You may make a request regarding your privacy preferences emailing us at Support@Shopgoodwill.com. If we decline to act regarding your request, we will inform you of our decision and the reason for it, and, if applicable, with instructions on how you may appeal our decision
10. Childrens Privacy
Our Site is not intended for persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or process the personal information of individuals under the age of 16. Suite N-112, Sacramento, California 95834. PrivacyTerms of UseAccessibilityTime -
PT