Find a Job
Join Your Community
Hire Great Talent
Recruit Sign In
Post Jobs for Free
Recruit Sign In
Post Jobs for Free
Seasoned Privacy Statement
Last Updated: December 30, 2019
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit, access or use the websites (collectively and individually, the “Site”) and related products and services, mobile applications, developer platforms, premium services, plug-ins or any content or information provided as part of the Site (the “Services”), which are provided by Seasoned, LLC (together with our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, “Seasoned,” “we,” “our” or “us”). It describes the personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use such information, your choices regarding our use of it, and the steps we take to protect your personal information and how you can review and correct your personal information.
As used in this privacy statement “personal information” is information that can be associated with a specific person and used to identify that person. Personal information does not include information that has been de-identified so that it does not identify a specific user, which may be used for any legal purpose.
Your agreement to this privacy statement
By accessing or using our Site or Services, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. If you are using the Site or Services on behalf of a company, you hereby represent and warrant that you have the authority to consent to this privacy statement on behalf of the company. As used in this privacy statement, “you” and “your” refer to you individually or, if you are entering into this privacy statement on behalf of a company, such company.
Our collection of information
Generally, you can visit our Site without entering any personal information; however, to use our Services, you must register with us and submit certain personally identifiable information. The personal information we collect may include: contact details, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, and physical address; information about your company and job function; your e-mail marketing preferences; financial information (including credit card or account information); information such as your nationality and country of residence; information used to customize and facilitate your use of our Site or Services, including login and technical information; inquiries about and orders for our products and services; information that assists us in identifying the products and services that best meet your requirements; event registration information; and feedback from you about our Site or Services.
Information you provide to us. If you use our Site or Services, you may be required to provide us certain information. This includes:
Information provided at the time of registering to use our Services, subscribing to our Services, posting material or requesting further services.
Information provided when you report a problem with our Site or Services.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Site or Services and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Services.
Your search queries on our Site or through our Services
Information obtained through your Facebook or other social network account if you register through Facebook and authorize us to access such information (e.g. work history).
Information collected automatically. We collect information about your visit to our sites, including what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, and other actions taken within the Site. On sites that you enter with a user ID, we may connect this information with your identity to determine your potential interests in our products and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the Site or Services, and the website from which you linked to our Site or Services. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may or may not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve and to deliver better and more personalized Services, including by enabling us to estimate of our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site and Services according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and recognize you when you return to our Site or Services.
Information we already have about or from you. If you have an existing relationship with us, we may already have personal and other information about you. In order to more efficiently and effectively provide the Site and Services, you hereby authorize us to access and use such information subject to our Terms of Service. To the extent any pre-existing agreement(s) between us conflict with this privacy statement, such existing agreement(s) are hereby amended with regard to the subject matter of this privacy statement.
Your address book. If you authorize us to do so, we may access data from your address book on your mobile or other device.
Geo-Location data. We may collect information regarding your location, through the Google Maps API or otherwise.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to third-party verification services, credit bureaus, mailing list providers, and publicly available sources.
Our use of information
We use your personal information to deliver services or carry out transactions you have requested. We may use your personal information to facilitate our Site and Services in relation to our users, partners, advertisers, developers, and other websites. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with us, information collected by or through our Site or Services may be combined with information we collect by other means.
Site and Services Improvement. We may use your personal information to improve our Site and Services or to make our Site and Services easier to use by, for example, eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information, customizing our Site or Services to your particular preference or interests, or suggesting connections based on shared work history.
Communications. We may use your personal information to inform you or other users of products or services available from us. For example, if you inform us that you or your employee are no longer an employee at a certain company, we may send you, your employee, or other users information about other opportunities or the employee’s availability. When collecting information that might be used to contact you about our products and services, we will endeavor to give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications. Moreover, each e-mail communication we send includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication. If you elect to unsubscribe, we will remove you from the relevant list within 10 business days.
Employment Applications or Inquiries. In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. In addition to other uses disclosed in this privacy statement, we may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration, availability or otherwise for us, our customers, and other third parties.
Other Uses. We may also use information about you (i) to track and analyze trends and usage in connection with our Site or Services; (ii) to process and deliver contest and promotion entries and rewards; (iii) to protect our rights or property; (iv) to compare information for accuracy; (v) to verify your identity; (vi) to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities; and (vii) for any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Site or Services.
Additionally, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Site and Services or any products or services we offer or provide though them.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences.
We may use third-party service providers to process and store personal information in the United States and other countries.
Our use of cookies and web beacons
Cookies are small files that websites save to your hard disk or to your browser’s memory. We may use them to track the number of times you have visited the Site or Services, to track the number of visitors to the Site or Services, to determine and analyze visitors’ use of our sites (including the effectiveness of online advertising), to store information that you provide such as your preferences, and to store technical information useful for your interactions with our Site or Services. We may use session cookies (cookies that are deleted when your browser session ends) to store your user ID, elements of your user profile, to facilitate your movement around our Site or Services (particularly in connection with information searches and order placement) and other information useful in administering the session. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Site or Services or other websites that you visit. Our sites also may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count the number of users who have visited those pages. We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Disclosure of your personal information
Except as described below, personal information you provide to us through our Site or Services will not be shared outside of Seasoned.
Disclosure through the Site or Services. Consistent with the purpose of the Site and Services, we may disclose information you provide to us to other users. Accordingly, we may share information about you with people you are connected to through the Site or Services (e.g. your employees, employers, and co-workers) for the purpose of facilitating the Services.
Disclosure to service providers. We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, sending out information, processing transactions, advertising, and analyzing our Site and Services. We provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose.
Disclosure to partner companies. In responding to a request made by you, we may share your personal information with other companies. In those cases, we provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to respond to your request, and these companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. In some cases, we may seek your permission to share your information with companies for marketing purposes other than responding to a request from you. However, we will not share your information for such marketing purposes unless we have obtained your express consent to do so.
Disclosure in connection with transactions. In connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities, and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfillment.
Disclosures in connection with acquisitions or divestitures. Circumstances may arise where for strategic or other business reasons we may decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Disclosure for other reasons. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual. We may also disclose personal information at your direction or to otherwise fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in facilities to which access is limited. For sites to which you log in, it is your responsibility to ensure the security of your password and not to reveal this information to others.
Reviewing your personal information
In some cases, you can review and correct your personal information by going to the Site or Service through which you provided the information. In all cases, you can make a request to review and correct your personal information collected via our Site or Services or ask us to stop using it by sending an email to support@seasoned.co. We may take steps to verify your identity before providing you access to your personal information. You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number, or e-mail address. California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site and Services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to support@seasoned.co or write us at: 6504 Bridge Point Parkway, Suite 425, Austin, TX 78730.
Children’s information
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act was created to protect children under the age of 13 from unsuspecting acts or practices in conjunction with collecting, using, and disclosing any information about them. Our Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on or through our Services. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you are a parent or guardian or otherwise believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us so that we can delete the child’s information. We will never knowingly accept, collect, maintain or use any information from a child under the age of 13. If a child whom we know to be under the age of 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child or notify his or her parents.
Third party sites
Our Site or Services may contain links to other sites, professional and government organizations, and publications. We also link to third-parties that host, maintain and operate on-line training curricula. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
The Site and Services may incorporate the Google Maps API. Accordingly, if applicable, by accessing or using our Site or Services, you hereby agree to be bound by Google’s Privacy Policy (available at http://www.google.com/privacy.html).
Paid Features Available Through the Services.
Certain features of the Services may be made available on a paid basis. If you elect to use paid features of the Services (as your “Purchase”), you agree to the terms of sale, pricing, payment, and billing policies applicable to such fees and charges, posted on or provided through the Services. Company may add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion.
There are no refunds for any prepaid fees. In the event you cancel your Purchase, you shall receive no pro-rata refund or exchange for any unused Purchase or for any fees paid to us prior to such cancellation. You must notify us of your intent to cancel at billing@seasoned.co for any such cancellation to become effective.
By using any paid feature, you (i) authorize Company to charge you a fee at the then-current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Services and (ii) represent and warrant to Company that you have the right and authority to use the payment method provided to the Company.
All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Services must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Services at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You shall pay all applicable fees, including any sales, excise, service, use or other taxes now or hereafter imposed upon or required to be collected by Company by any authority in connection with or arising from the use of the Services, excluding taxes based upon Company’s net income.
Company may, in Company's sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for features or benefits related to the Services, subject to any additional terms that Company establishes on a per promotional code basis (“Promo Codes”). You agree that Promo Codes: (a) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (b) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by Company; (c) may be disabled by Company at any time for any reason without liability to Company; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that Company establishes for such Promo Code; (d) are not valid for cash; and (e) may expire prior to your use. Company reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes by you or any other user in the event that Company determines or believes that the use or redemption of the Promo Code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable Promo Code terms or these Terms.
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Rights and Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Seasoned LLC disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Seasoned LLC delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-844-515-2482
Emailing us at privacyofficer@seasoned.co
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights please contact us at the email address or phone number listed above.
Questions regarding this privacy statement
If you have questions or complaints regarding this statement or our handling of your personal information, please contact us at 6504 Bridge Point Parkway, Suite 425, Austin, TX 78730, or by e-mail at support@seasoned.co. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution.
Changes to this privacy statement
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this privacy statement. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the then-effective privacy statement.
‍
Products
Find a Restaurant Job
Discover the Community
Hiring with Recruit
Company
About Us
News & Press
Resources
Support
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Community Guidelines
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Seasoned LLC. All rights reserved.