You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Download AppPlanning for a BabyPregnancyBabyToddler & ChildHealth & WellbeingMenopauseAbout usMedical ReviewJoinPrivacyThis is where you can find out how Peanut App Limited (“Peanut”, “we”, “us”, “our”) collects, stores, protects, and shares data about you (“Policy”). It’s best read alongside our Peanut Terms and Conditions, which you can find here.When you’re using our Peanut mobile application and online platform ("App"), there is some information we collect about you, and you can share your information on the App with other users ("Users") globally. The Policy is intended to meet our duties of transparency under the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR” and other applicable data protection laws.1. Collection of informationRegistration InformationAccess to Peanut is granted through various means of your choice: your Facebook, Apple, Google account or your telephone number.If you connect through Apple or Google, we will collect information about you from Apple or Google (as applicable), including an email address, full name, and a unique ID (which allows Apple or Google to identify you as a legitimate user of the account).If you connect through Facebook, we will ask for the following access to information to be granted from your Facebook profile (which you can decline) (“Registration Information”) including:Name;Age range;Gender;Birthday;Hometown;Photographs; and/orEmail address.In addition, if you permit us to do so, the App may access your device's geolocalisation, address book and contact lists in order to offer you certain features of our services, and this data forms part of your Registration Information.Selfie DataDuring our onboarding process, so that we can check whether your account is legitimate, we ask you to take a selfie, which is processed by a third-party provider. If the third-party system flags anything that may mean the photo is not of a real person (or that you do not meet the criteria required to be a member), the photo is then passed back to our team to review.Log and Usage DataOur servers automatically record information ("Log and Usage Data") created by your use of Peanut, which again helps us to improve our service. Log and Usage Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, the referring domain, pages visited, access times, your mobile carrier, unique device identifier, device model, operating system, MAC address, and search terms.Marketing and Communications DataWe also collect information on your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences (“Marketing and Communications Data”).Behavioural DataWe collect “Behavioural Data”, which is inferred or assumed information relating to your behaviour and interests, based on your online activity. This is most often collated and grouped into “segments” (e.g., there may be a segment for women, living in London and aged under 35, who like contemporary art).Your Content DataYou can post content on the App and/or participate in chats through it. This content may contain personal data, but only what you choose to disclose.Audio DataWhen you participate in a Peanut pod, we collect audio recordings to investigate complaints and/or violations of our Community Guidelines. We do not collect Audio Data for any other purpose.Aggregated DataWe also collect, use and share “Aggregated Data” such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data, but once in aggregated form it will not constitute considered personal data for the purposes of the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Policy.No Special Categories of Personal DataWe do not collect any “Special Categories of Personal Data” about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. However, you have the option of providing such information in your profile or in any information you publish on our App, for instance by sharing your sexual orientation with other users. Please do not submit any Special Categories of Personal Data if you are not happy for such information to be shared publicly on your Peanut account.Geolocation InformationUpon downloading the App, you will be asked to turn on location services. If you turn these features on, we may collect your device's geolocation data and save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you (such as, for instance, finding users who live nearby). We may also use your device's geolocation information to personalise the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users close by. You can control your location information settings in your Account settings and switch them off if you want to. Even if you have disabled location services, we may still determine your city, state, and country location based on your IP address (but not your exact location).2. Uses made of the informationUpon downloading the App, you will be asked to turn on location services. If you turn these features on, we may collect your device's geolocation data and save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you (such as, for instance, finding users who live nearby). We may also use your device's geolocation information to personalise the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users close by. You can control your location information settings in your Account settings and switch them off if you want to. Even if you have disabled location services, we may still determine your city, state, and country location based on your IP address (but not your exact location).If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will update this Policy and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.What is our “legal basis” for processing your Personal Data?In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your personal data, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use. Most commonly, we will rely on one of the following legal bases:Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“Contractual Necessity”).Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“Legitimate Interests”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each purpose we use your personal data for is set out in the table below.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“Compliance with Law”).Where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the purpose in question (“Consent”). Generally, we do not rely on your Consent as a legal basis for using your personal data other than in the context of direct marketing communications.We have set out below, in a table format, the legal bases we rely on in respect of the relevant Purposes for which we use your Personal Data.PurposeCategories of personal data involvedWhy do we do thisOur legal basis for this use of dataAccount Creation and ManagementRegistration InformationSelfie DataLog and Usage DataYour Content DataTo register you as a new customer, and offer you our services and features, and to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so. To notify you about changes to our service.Contractual Necessity.Customer ModerationRegistration InformationSelfie DataLog and Usage DataYour Content DataAudio DataTo allow our moderators to ensure that Users’ behaviour accords with our rules and restrictions (including our Community Guidelines) by reviewing the online content posted on the App and/or investigating complaints, and to take remedial action if it does not. Legitimate Interests.It is in our legitimate interest that the App remains safe for you, trustworthy and that Users do not abuse our services for purposes in breach of our Terms of Use or Community Guidelines.SupportRegistration InformationTo respond to any queries you raise when you contact us directly.Legitimate Interests. We have a legitimate interest in providing you with support services and answering your queries, so that we can improve our App and related services.Troubleshooting and App DevelopmentLog and Usage DataBehavioural DataTo track issues that might be occurring on our systems. To carry out internal operations such as data analysis, testing, research or for statistical purposes.Legitimate Interests. It is in our legitimate interests that we are able to monitor and ensure the proper operation of our App and associated systems and services.MarketingRegistration InformationMarketing and Communications DataBehavioural DataTo contact you with information about the App subject to the “Marketing” section below.Consent.GeolocationGeolocation InformationTo personalise the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users close byConsent.Protecting our Legal RightsRegistration InformationSelfie DataLog and Usage DataAudio DataTo protect our legal rights, and to enforce our Terms of Use.Legitimate Interests. We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that you comply with your obligations under the contract between you and us, so that we can appropriately provide you and other Users our services.What happens when you do not provide necessary personal data?Where we need to process your personal data either to comply with law, or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of or access to the App).In this case, we may have to stop you from using our App but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.3. Personal data from third party sourcesIn addition to the personal data that we collect directly from you (as described above), we also collect certain of your personal data from third party sources. These sources are broken down in the table below, together with a description of whether they are publicly available or not.Third party data sourcePublicly available?Category(ies) or other types of personal data received.Social Media sitesNoRegistration Information4. Disclosure of your informationWe will not disclose your information, except in the limited circumstances described here:Service Providers — We engage certain trusted third parties to perform IT and system administration functions and services. We may share your Registration Information and Log and Usage Data and Audio Data with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services. As noted above, we also use a third-party provider to process your Selfie Data at the onboarding stage. These Service Providers are located within the European Economic Area and/or the United States.Regulators and Public Authorities — We will cooperate with law enforcement enquiries received from within or outside your country of residence. This may include preserving or disclosing any of your personal data, including your Registration Information, if it is necessary to comply with a law or regulation, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal request, to protect the safety of any person, or to address fraud or security issues. Such Regulators or Public Authorities may be located both within or outside the European Economic Area.Business Transfers — In the event that Peanut or any of our affiliates are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganisation or sale of assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction.Professional Advisers — We may transfer your Registration Data to our lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers and other advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. Such Professional Advisers may be located either in the European Economic Area and/or the United States.5. Where we store your personal dataMany of our external third parties are based outside of the European Economic Area (“Europe”) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data to countries based outside of Europe.We endeavour to ensure that people to whom we provide personal data hold it subject to appropriate safeguards and controls. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of Europe, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implementedWe may transfer your Personal Data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of Personal Data in non-EU countries.Where we use service providers outside Europe, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission, which give Personal Data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.6. Marketing From time to time, we may send you marketing materials ‒ you retain the right to opt out (or opt in) at any time. However, we may send you emails that are necessary for us to provide our services, or to announce any update of our App or Terms of service for instance.7. What others see about youPeanut is designed to make it easier for you to connect with other Users and to interact with them. When you use the App, other Users of the App (both locally and globally) will see certain information, including your personal data, which you upload to your account (as described below):General Peanut-submitted information:your Content Data;Photo and other images you upload;First Name;Generalized location (city/state);Location;Birthdaylife stage; data about your kids; data about your education; data about your work place; and/orlanguage(s) spoken.Third party profile information:When you register or login to the App using your Facebook account, you may authorize us to access certain Facebook account information (as applicable), including information you make available via Facebook, your profile picture(s), your friends list, current location and those friends you have in common with other Peanut users, as well as information you provide through Facebook at your option (i.e., your photos, your name, gender, age, approximate location, friends you have in common with other Users and other profile information, as applicable).If you log in to the App using your Apple or Google account, other Users will be able to see your name.Such other Users may therefore share your profile information with individuals who may or may not be Users or via third-party applications. So, please be careful about what information you upload to the App and what you post, particularly when it relates to your children. We want to keep you safe, but we need you to help us.8. Our Policy Towards AgeOur App is for grown-ups. You have to be at least 18 years old to use the App. We don’t market to anyone under the age of 18 either. If we discover you’re under 18, we will delete your account, sorry but we’re looking forward to welcoming you soon!9. Removing Peanut accessIf you want to remove Peanut from your Facebook, Apple, or Google account at any time you can do this by visiting the application settings on your Facebook, Apple, or Google profile (as applicable) and following the instructions to remove Peanut access permissions.Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your Account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, made public by you during your use of the App, or copied or stored by other Users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. The App may also include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share your personal data. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. If you have given third-party applications or websites access to your personal data, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.10. Your Rights Relating to Your Personal DataBy law you have the right to:Request information about your personal data. This enables you to ask us how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this privacy policy.Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).Object to processing of your personal data. This right exists where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object to where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.Request the transfer of your personal data. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent. This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your personal data (“Consent Withdrawal”). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionalities of our App. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.How to exercise your rightsIf you want to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us at support@teampeanut.com. You can also delete your information directly through the app by navigating to ‘Settings’ and selecting ‘Delete My Account’.Typically, you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, except in relation to Consent Withdrawal, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive, or, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Depending on your jurisdiction, you may empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. In such instances we will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority.We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.ComplaintsIf you would like to make a complaint regarding this Policy or our practices in relation to your personal data, please contact us at support@teampeanut.com.We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can.If you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, please note that the GDPR gives you the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority, which for the UK, is the Information Commissioner’s Office.11. How we keep your personal data secureWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed.We limit access to your personal data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected personal data breach. In the event of any such breach, we have systems in place to work with applicable regulators. In addition, in certain circumstances (e.g., where we are legally required to do so) we may notify you of breaches affecting your personal data.12. Changes to our privacy policyWe may revise this Policy from time to time. If we make a change to this Policy that, at our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you, for example, via an email. The revised Policy will apply from the date on which we post it on this page.13. CookiesWe collect information by placing cookies on your mobile. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile by your web browser. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our App.We use two broad categories of cookies: first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device; and third party cookies, which are served by our partners or service providers on our App.We use cookies for a number of reasons, as explained below:Cookie FunctionsCookie PurposesAnalytics and researchWe use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Peanut site and App. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site and the App. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site/App, where visitors have come to the site/App from, and the pages they visited.We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is only used to improve how our App works. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here You can find out more about how Google protects your data here.AuthenticationThese cookies help us to identify visitors so that when you’re logged in, you can enjoy Peanut’s offerings and localize your experience, such as when you’ve requested to view Peanut’s App in your local language or when you’ve asked Peanut to ‘remember me’.Security and App integrityWe use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep the App and our visitors safe and secure. These cookies do things like protect visitors from spam and fraud, by ensuring the safety of personal data.We may use persistent cookies, which will help us to ensure we have identified the same device is logging into the correct account. These types of cookies also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers, scammers, and other unauthorized activity.Site features and servicesThese cookies and local storage devices provide functionalities such as links to other social media sites and social plugins. In some cases, the App feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third-party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Peanut recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Peanut include the following, and we have included a link to the privacy policies of Facebook and GooglePerformanceWe need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our visitors have the best possible experience. These may, for example, assist with your navigation of our App, ensure pages load up quickly, and respond faster to your requests for the App’s services. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.Our use of cookies and local share devices, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.Disabling cookiesYou can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings”, “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our App. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our App.Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.uk.You can also prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our App by downloading and installing the browser plugin here.Do Not TrackSome Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com 14. How long we store your personal dataWe will only retain your Personal Data for so long as we reasonably need to use it for the purposes set out in "2. Uses made of the information", unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).The table below shows our standard retention practices: Category of Personal DataRetention periodGeolocation Information For so long as you do not opt-out of the geolocation functionality on our App, and in any event, no longer than 30 days following deletion of your Account as a back-up copy to enable restorationAudio DataPeanut retains copies of Audio Data from pods for 30 days after a pod ends for the purposes of investigating complaints and/or violations of our Community Guidelines. If Peanut finds that there has been a violation of the Community Guidelines, we may extend the retention of Audio Data for an additional 75 days to allow individuals the opportunity to appeal.Registration DataSelfie DataLog and Usage DataYour Content DataBehavioural DataMarketing; and Communications DataFor so long as retention is necessary to fulfill the Purposes/Use for which it is used (see "2. Uses made of the information") and in any event, no longer than 30 days following deletion of your Account as a back-up copy to enable restoration.14. ContactPeanut App Limited is the controller (for the purposes of the GDPR) of your personal data, and is registered in the United Kingdom under company number 10248595. Our registered address is Acre House 11/15 William Road, London, NW1 3ER.This privacy policy was last updated on: 4 July 2022It’s good to talk, email us at feedback@teampeanut.comAdvertising enquiriesadvertising@teampeanut.comPress enquiriespress@teampeanut.comSomething else?info@teampeanut.comAbout usBlogMedical ReviewGuidelinesOffersStartHerShopPeanut NewsCareersTermsPrivacySitemapDownloadDue Date CalculatorChinese Gender PredictorOvulation Calculator EnglishSpanish© 2023 Peanut