Clapper
Last Updated: November 16, 2021
This Privacy Policy explains how Clapper Media Group Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Clapper,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Services”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS COLLECTION OF INFORMATION USE OF INFORMATION SHARING OF INFORMATION ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES YOUR CHOICES YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS CONTACT US
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you share information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form, submit or post content through our Services, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card and other payment information, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including: Activity Information: We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as [videos clicked or uploaded, keywords searched, content liked or followed, content and comments posted, and direct messages sent to other users].
Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information: We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Location Information: In accordance with your device permissions, we may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the Your Choices section below for details).
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see the Your Choices section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from identity verification services, credit bureaus, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and mailing list providers.Additionally, if you create or log into your Clapper account through a third-party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your name, birthday, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address, infer browsing preferences based on your use of the Services, or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to administer your account, customize your experience with us, and target advertisements based on your interests. We also use the information we collect to: Provide, maintain, and improve our products and services;
Process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, and customer experience surveys;
Personalize and improve your experience on our Services;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Clapper and others and provide news and information that we think will interest you (see the Your Choices section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize the advertisements you see on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see the Advertising and Analytics section below);
Personalize the advertisements you see when you use our Services based on information provided by our advertising partners;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and protect the rights and property of Clapper and others;
Debug, identify and repair errors in our Services;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising.
If you submit a review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services.
If you choose to use integrations we offer on our Services, such as sharing your location through our Google Maps integration, we may share certain information with the integration partners.
We share personal information with third parties for their own services and marketing purposes, unless you opt out of this type of sharing by emailing us at contact@clapperapp.com.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Clapper, our users, the public, or others.
We share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
If you are IOS user who want to refund though Apple Store, we may share your consumption data (such as the consumption status, lifetime dollars purchased and refund, account tenure and other in need) on Clapper platform with Apple Inc. to protect our legitimate interests. To see the Apple policy, please click customerConsented | Apple Developer Documentation.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Personal information is shared between and among Clapper and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
We also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile apps. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Clapperand others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choicesor change your settings using the consent management tool on our Services. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
We also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of customized campaigns on third-party platforms (such as Facebook and Google). As part of these ad campaigns, we or the third-party platforms may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Clapper is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
YOUR CHOICES Account Information
You may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, or emailing us at contact@clapperapp.com. If you wish to delete your account, you may do so at any time in the “Privacy and Safety” settings in the app. If you still need help deleting your account, you may email us at contact@clapperapp.com. Note that even after you delete your account, we may retain certain information as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes.
Location Information
When you first launch any of our mobile apps that collect precise location information, you will be asked to consent to the app’s collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of such location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device. If you stop our collection of this location information, some features of our Services may no longer function properly.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving text messages or promotional emails from Clapper by following the instructions in those communications or by managing your communication preferences in your account settings menu. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq.) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
California Consumer Privacy Act
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, commercial information, internet and other electronic network activity, geolocation data, electronic information, and inferences drawn from the aforementioned information. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the Collection of Information section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
AB1Category of Personal Information Categories of Recipients 2Identifiers,
commercial information, internet and other electronic network activity,
geolocation data, electronic information, and inferences drawn from such
data.
Data analytics providers.
3Identifiers,
personal information, commercial information, internet and other electronic
network activity, geolocation data, and electronic information.
Database storage providers.
4Identifiers, personal information, and electronic
information.
Customer service providers.
5Identifiers and electronic information.
Advertising networks.
Clapper does not sell your personal information. We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device identifiers and electronic network activity via our Services to show ads that are targeted to your interests. To opt out of having your personal information used for targeted advertising purposes, please see the Advertising and Analytics section above.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may exercise your deletion rights by deleting your account in the “Privacy and Safety” settings in the app. If you still need help, or to exercise your other rights, you may email us at contact@clapperapp.com. We mayverify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us . We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@clapperapp.com.