Privacy Policy
Last updated December 03, 2021
Gurru Technology is centered on getting your security. We needn't play with the customer to give any valuable or mentioned information and don't accumulate it during the usage of the application.
Our significant conviction toward data variety is to total simply the insignificant data expected to work for a five star application relationship at scale. We need you to see the value in what information we accumulate, what we don't total, and how we gather, use, and store information. We don't gather logs of your turn of events, including no logging of seeing history, traffic objective, or DNS requests. We in like manner never store association logs, i.e., any logs of your IP address, your dynamic IP address, affiliation timestamp, or meeting length. We coordinated our structures not to have sensitive data about you; in any case, when obliged, we can't give data that we don't have.
This Privacy Policy depicts how GURRU TECHNOLOGY and its branches ("Gurru Technology," "we," "our" or "us") accumulate, use, and deal information concerning your use of our affiliations, and applications (considering everything, the "Affiliations"). This Privacy Policy (the "Security Policy") doesn't make any difference to information you may oversee while using our Services.
1.      PERSONAL INFORMATION (USER-CONTROLLED OPTION):
We will don't intentionally collect explicit data about the substance you stow away utilizing our associations. Your records are not open or made obvious, in entire or mostly to us. We didn't give any sort of online help for content you cover utilizing our associations.
Since no information is sent over the Internet or puts away on the Internet, clients can undoubtedly be totally secure. Our applications are non-required log affiliations. Gurru Technology isn't open for the data identified with the individual data of clients, including, regardless, not restricted to names (partner names, client names, and screen names), addresses (counting street numbers, private region, workplaces), and phones, besides if the information you give reliant upon the setting of your relationship with us and the decisions you make, including your security settings, and the things and components you use to control your investment and for the inspiration to exploit our apps associations. With the exception of the restricted outstanding cases, we don't typically amass any Personal Information from you.
In the event that you get in touch with us unmistakably, we might get extra data about you like your name, email address, telephone number, and the substance of the message or potential affiliations you might send us, and some other data you might decide to give. We may comparatively get an affirmation when you open an email from us.
Gurru Technology utilizes your email address (if any relying on your decision) for the going with reasons:
To talk with you about your application issue or react to your correspondences.
To send you updates and declarations.
To send propelling data, for example, Gurru Technology offers reviews, solicitations, and substance about different issues as for Gurru Technology ("Marketing messages"). You might decide to not get displaying messages by following the quit method depicted in these messages.
Gurru Technology utilizes your own data just for the reasons recorded in this Privacy Policy, and we don't offer your own data to outcasts without your past assent.
2. SERVICE INFORMATION RELATED TO YOUR APP USAGE
Subject to material laws and for the avoidance to infringe any affiliation access provider, and examining information, traffic objective, data content, IP addresses, DNS requests, or other basically indistinguishable information relating to your online activities passed on by you to any laborers is mixed and Gurru Technology never uses any kind of information. Thinking about everything, we don't gather any information concerning the areas you visit or any educational record to the side on or sent from your contraption, including any data that applications on your device may send through the association. Altogether more unequivocally, Gurru Technology has NO records/information under the situation being what it is of the confined connecting with your own information and the non-get-together of the locale you visit or any data gathered to the side on or bestowed from your device:
We don't know which customer at whatever point used a particular application, site, or affiliation.
We don't know which customer was related to our application and make which activity.
We know nothing about the singular information of any customer.
If anyone should access or attempt to oblige Gurru Technology to give customer information subject to any of the as of late referred to, we can't supply this information considering the way that the data doesn't exist.
For the motivation to fulfill our really keeping liabilities irregularity with ordinary expectedness and to make you like brilliant application affiliations, we gather the going with information related to your application use:
Current Location
We use the customer's current region in our assistant, course, and locale affiliation Apps for the going with explanation;
to share the customer's current area by the customer's urging apps.
to find the customer's typical course from the current region to objective.
to find better places (for instance Lodging, Fuel, Station, ATM or Bank, etc) nearby customer's current region.
We neither save nor deal to any agreeable occasion the customer's current locale, his course, or another problematic information.
Text Message
We get acknowledgment to customer's messages only for the application reason especially to get notice, caution, or check messages sent by our laborers for the simplicity of the customer. We don't save, move, or deal your texts.
Camera
We acquire selection to the customer's camera to take photos and accounts. We don't save, proposition or move your photos and records.
Contacts
We secure assent from the customer's contacts to use contacts inside the application as it were. We neither save nor deal or move the customer's contact data.
Storage
We get agree to the customer's stockpiling for the going with explanation;
To get to the data inside the application related to the application like pictures, text, sound, and records, etc we don't save or share the customer's application data.
To store the customer's made data on SD card or web amassing of customer's contraption.
We neither save nor proposition or move the customer's data.
Calendar Events
We obtain agree to the customer's arrangement events to remind customers about the customer's latest timetable events. We don't save or share customer's arrangements once in a while.
Conclusion
We gather unessential go through evaluations to keep our temperament of relationship in getting the opportunity to contacts or getting the chance to pictures or accounts and other contraption data will be fundamentally used inside our application and outside of the application, no data will be used.
As to data, we've masterminded our plans to thoroughly get out the imperative of fragile data. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service.
We stay by our solid commitment to our customers' security by not having any data related to a customer's on the web or detached activities.
3. THE USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
How we use information
We use the information we assemble out of nowhere, including to:
Share, save, and kill data or records inside Apps;
Improve, improve, and change data using Apps;
Understand and separate how you need to use the application;
Develop new things, affiliations, arrangements, and strength;
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer care, to furnish you with enables and different information relating to the Apps, and for progressing and unique purposes;
Process your trades;
Send you messages and spring up messages;
Find and thwart blackmail; and
For consistency purposes, including finishing our Terms of Service, or other authentic rights, or as may be required by appropriate laws and leads or alluded to by any legitimate cycle or administrative office.
4. ADVERTISING
We don't work any advertisements for the VIP cooperation of our associations. Also, we are glad to offer free, publicizing kept up with App associations to the clients. We work with distant publicizing partners to show headways to the clients who pick free application associations.
We guarantee that we don't focus in on any very close data subject to these progressions. Regardless of the way that you pick in to utilize the free, progressing kept up with application associations, we will not share the promoting trained professionals and you're precious data or any client data without your earlier assent.
Despite the prior, these publicizing aides may set and access their own treats, pixel stamps, and close to movements on our associations, and they might be somehow collect or approach data about you which they may aggregate after some time and across various online associations.
5. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
Keeping your data stowed away is our center's fundamental objective. With the help of this mission, Gurru Technology selected business environment is in Pakistan, where has joined an information attestation establishment.
There are no outstanding information upkeep laws and no heading relating to e-exposure or receptiveness to new law execution relationship in Pakistan. The disclosure of individual information may follow this Privacy Policy.
Needed by any new law execution work environments, Gurru Technology turns over ensured client data relentless store of a genuine accumulate, court sales, or court demand, which will be served enough under the Rules of Court of Pakistan. Considerably more unequivocally, we think the call, court sales, or court solicitation may lose its coercive impact when it crosses its limit. It just recuperates coercive impact actually side of the line either through a planning activity (in the other state's courts) or under the authority of a norm. Also, we will incite affected clients about any deals for their record data, except for at whatever point hindered from doing as such by law or court interest. Would it be prudent for us to get a critical served legitimate sales, note that Gurru Technology doesn't gather any IP addresses, looking at history, traffic information, or DNS demands that could be utilized to perceive a particular client?
6. DATA RETENTION
We hold particular data we gather from you where we have a constant genuine business need to do in that limit (with regards to model, to give you the assist you with having referred to or to agree to applicable genuine, evaluation, or bookkeeping basics).
Precisely when we have no constant certifiable business need to manage your own data, we will either erase or anonymize it of course, on the off chance that this isn't useful (for instance, considering the way that your own data has been dealt with in help records), by then, at that point, we will safely store your own data and disconnect it from any further arranging until fixing is conceivable.
We track any correspondence, questions, grumblings, or lauds you submit to us, nearby our reaction. Reliant upon how you connect with us, we may collect your email address and any extra data you accommodate us. Having full correspondence records draws in us to give the best client help knowledge.
We use messages for help correspondence: info@gurrutechnology.com.
Right when you differentiation and we utilizing these messages, your correspondence records, including your name and email address, are dealt with in their frameworks.
7. SECURITY MEASURES
Gurru Technology is centered on ensuring your data. We utilize high level physical, procedural, and explicit security for our workplaces and data storerooms to prevent any calamity, abuse, unapproved access, divulgence, or adjustment of data. Acceptance to client data is confined to staff who require such consent to play out their work limits.
While we recognize these frameworks are astonishing, understand that no information prosperity tries on the planet can offer 100% security.
Workers are housed in specialist farms with solid security rehearses. None of these laborer farms expect that we ought to collect or store any traffic information or individual data identified with your use of use associations. On the off chance that any laborer farm was to request that we log such information, we would quickly stop endeavors with a said specialist develop and discover elective choices.
8. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
You may get to other untouchable associations while utilizing the App associations, for instance by tapping on relationship with those outsider associations from inside the Services. We are not committed for the security moves close or conceivably practices of these untouchable associations, and we ask you to fastidiously audit their protection blueprints.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We feel under a specific commitment to defend data got from minimal youngsters. We would unequivocally encourage guardians to set up their youngsters never to uncover their genuine name, their region, or their phone number while they are online without earlier endorsement. Gurru Technology doesn't purposely gather data from young people more energetic than 16, and youngsters under 16 years of age are obstructed from utilizing our associations. In the event that you track down that a kid has given us solitary data excusing this Privacy Policy, you can alarm us at info@gurrutechnology.com.
10. ACCESS
Precisely when you become one of our clients for the application associations, you may get to explicit data related to you by advising info@gurrutechnology.com In the event that you choose not to utilize our application helps any more, any open development on your Account prior to clearing out may stay put away on our workers and may stay open to individuals overall.
To ensure your affirmation and security, we may besides find sensible ways to deal with truly investigate your person prior to empowering or taking out your data. The data you give us might be chronicled or dealt with intermittently by us as indicated by help gauges composed in the standard course of business for catastrophe recuperation purposes. Your capacity to get to and right your data might be quickly bound where access and fix could: control our capacity to adjust to a legitimate liability; upset our capacity to examine, make or protect authentic cases; accomplish the receptiveness of individual data about an unapproachable; or result in a break of a game plan or openness of prohibitive advantages or other particular business data having a spot with us or a pariah.
11. GDPR
Gurru Technology is centered on client security all throughout the planet, and individual data under clients' effect and an insignificant blend of information is our current practice. As exhibited by the necessities of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we gather and cycle the information considering a particular objective of clients in the EU addressed in this Privacy Policy on one of the going with assembles, reliant upon the conditions:
I) for the clarifications behind satisfying our authoritative obligations to clients, including:
Providing clients with the App associations and Apps they have referred to.
Managing client enlistments and managing segments.
Providing client help.
ii) For a genuine interest related to the development of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, dependability, and plausibility of our Services and Apps.
Enhancing the quality, dependability, and attainability of our Services and Apps.
You can pull out your assent whenever. Pulling out your assent won't affect the authenticity of any setting us up facilitated before your withdrawal, nor will it sway the treatment of your own data drove opportunity on legitimate arranging grounds other than assent. Too, you hold the decision to quit displaying correspondences we send you whenever. You can practice this benefit by tapping on the "pull out" or "quit" partner in the advancing messages we send you.
You can practice your benefits under the GDPR to will, move, right, erase, or object to the preparation of your own data by reaching us at info@gurrutechnology.com.
12. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Gurru Technology is a general business. We may move particular data to nations other than the country in which the information was at first amassed. These nations most likely will not have similar information insurance laws as the country in which you at first gave the data. Precisely when we move your own data to different nations, we will ensure that data is portrayed in this Privacy Policy.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
For the inspiration to contain with suitable confirmation laws and standards, this Privacy Policy might be changed every once in a while without earlier notification to you, so on the off chance that it's not all that amount trouble, audit it reliably. You proceed with the utilization of our application associations to develop your insistence of our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our objections. On the off chance that we fundamentally change the manner in which we use or proposition individual data actually gathered from you through our application associations, we will prompt you through our APP, email, or other correspondence.
14. Contacts
On the off chance that you have any solicitations or worries about this Privacy Policy, thoughtfully go ahead and connect with us at info@gurrutechnology.com.
15. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revive this Privacy Policy intermittently. By proceeding to get to or utilize the Services after those developments become persuading, you consent to be confined by the updated Privacy Policy.
Much appreciation to you…