Privacy PolicyFor providing you with this mobile application( the “App” or “Software” ) and related services( “Services”), Action First Holding Limited ( “we”, “our”, or “us”) needs to collect some privacy information about you. We fully understand the importance of personal information to you and solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy of users of the Software (hereinafter referred to as “Users” or “you”). When you use the Software, we may collect and use your personal information and user information. We hope that through this Privacy Policy, we can explain to you the corresponding processing rules and other relevant matters when we collect and use your personal information, so as to better protect your rights and interests. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.ONCE YOU ACCESS,VIEW OR USE THE APP,WE CONSIDER YOU TO CONSENT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY,PLEASE STOP USING THE APP IMMEDIATELY.This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which this Privacy Policy has changed, we will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.1.User Age RestrictionThe Service offered by us are not intended for children under 17 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.2.Information We Process and Purposes of Processing Your InformationInformation that you submit to the Software1)Camera and Microphone.In order to use some of the features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or microphone in your mobile device to take pictures and send voice messages, etc.2)Permission to Access to the Storage.To ensure that you may save photos or cache information normally to your device, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the Storage of your device.3)Geolocation Information.If you turn geolocation features on, when you use your mobile device, we will collect information about Wi-Fi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device’s coordinates to offer certain features to you. This information helps us identify your physical location and we may use it to personalize the App and make it easier for you to interact with other users.4)Registration InformationFor getting more chances to interact with other users, you may voluntarily to create an account. When you register the account(“Account”) and provide us with the following personal details(“Registration Information”), such as your mobile phone number, username, gender identity, age, preference, personal introduction and profile pictures. We will collect such Registration Information to assist you with completing registration and to protect your Account. For such profile pictures, Only with your consent, will we gain access to your camera or album to collect them.5)Information of the third-party account.You may choose to log in the App through the third-party account, which is including but not limited to Facebook, Google, and when you do, we will collect your User ID and display name of your third-party account by the SDK of the third-party.Information that is processed automatically1)Technical Information.We may use the API of Android to collect certain technical information regarding your device, including the type, name and version of operating system: (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)International Mobile Equipment Identity; (iii)OAID; (iv)Globally Unique Identifier; (v)International Mobile Subscriber Identification Number; (vi)status of the WLAN; (vii) Android ID;(viii) application log information.2)Payment data.We may use the API of Android to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Google.). These companies can be contacted through their websites. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.3)Virtual gold coins and points.For calculating the amount of the gifts or cash which you can exchange by your virtual gold coins and points earned from the game, we may collect certain information,such as the amount,types,of such virtual gold coins and points.3.Use of your informationThe main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:1)to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;2)to improve and customize the Software and the Service;3)to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;4)to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service;5)to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.4.Sharing Information with Third PartiesWe will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations we may share your information from tools like device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or providing service to the App. We do not have power to control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal data with any third-party organizations, please contact us for more details or do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:1)as required by law;2)when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.5.Changes to this Privacy PolicyAs the App evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. By continuing to access or use the App after changes of this Privacy Policy become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.6.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us through the email displayed below.7.Transfer of Data Outside Your TerritoryWe work in the international space and provide the App to our users around the world. We and third party that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.**8.How Long We Use Your Personal Data **We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the agreement between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.9.Your Data RightsYou have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at [ [email protected] ]. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at: [ [email protected] ] .