Home
Features
Apps
Screenshots
Contact
Download
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Kozalak UG acting as kozalakug.com (“We” or “Us” or “Our”) is committed to ensure your privacy while providing the most unique services (“Services”). In this policy we refer to You as “user”, “Customer”, “You”, “Your”. If You want to become a Customer of the Service, You need to register and open Your personal account through Our Website. At the time of registration, We ask You to provide Us with a certain amount of personal information. Submission of such personal information is voluntary, but without it, You may not be able to receive Our Services. By providing Your personal information, You consent to do so for the purpose of delivering to You the Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
No Rights of Third Parties
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise but are not affiliated with, our app. The App may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services, or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the App. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
Security
The security of your personal data is very important to us. When we collect your personal data that is limited to what you provide and consent to us, we use reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access.  However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that your personal data will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of our Service demonstrates your assumption of this risk.  We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
DMCA Rights
As required by law We will respond to all claims of intellectual property infringement. We will promptly investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions required under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws
Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to a Service Provider's Designated Agent. Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent for these sites:
Name: Kozalak UG
Email: reachout@kozalakug.com
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. If we make any material change to it, we will notify you via email, through a notification posted on the Services, or as required by applicable law. We will also include a summary of the key changes. Unless stated otherwise, modifications will become effective on the day they are posted.
As permitted by applicable law, if you continue to use the Services after the effective date of any change, then your access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of (and agreement to follow and be bound by) the revised Privacy Policy. The revised Privacy Policy supersedes any previous Privacy Policies.
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at reachout@kozalakug.com
Explore
Home
Features
Privacy Policy
Download
© copyright
by Kozalakug.com