Privacy Policy
This welcome page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at BOOBleS: Meet Local Singles (bbles.biz)unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
I. WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
Personal data is any information about a certain natural person or natural person, which can be directly or indirectly determined using an identification number or one or more specific elements concerning him, such as a surname and a first name, date of birth, customer number, order number, photo, etc.
II. WHEN CAN WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We may collect your personal data when you:
shop in stores;
join our loyalty program;
use our online services such as chat;
agree to receive marketing communications from us by email, phone, sms or regular mail, depending on your choice;
participate in surveys or answering questionnaires to assess customer satisfaction based on your experience;
you interact with our Company through its official social media page, or when we offer to reuse content you have posted on social media;
contact with our Customer Service;
send requests to our Company for information;
take part in events that we organize;
navigate the Internet using cookies or similar technologies or click on advertising links our products.
III.WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT?
(i) As part of the services we provide, we may need to obtain some data directly from you using electronic forms on our website, mobile applications, or paper in some stores. This is done for specific purposes (see section IV for the purposes of processing personal data).
Information we may collect includes:
Data identity;
Your contact details (for example, email address);
Your personal preferences in terms of the products we sell or our website (language);
Information, related to your orders, their tracking and billing;
Information you may share with our Customer Service;
Specific health data in the event that you notify us of unwanted side effects related to to our products;
Personal data required to be collected by bbles.biz is marked with an asterisk on all forms of collection of personal data on our website, electronically in some stores, and on paper. If you do not fill in these required fields, bbles.biz will most likely not be able to respond to your request and / or provide the requested service. Other information is optional. It allows us to get to know you better and to optimize our interactions with you and the services we offer you.
(ii) We may also collect some data generated when you purchase products or services online or in stores, in particular information about the volume and type of your purchases.
(iii) Finally, we may collect information regarding the use of our website, especially in terms of your navigation (pages visited, links used, etc.). Some of this data may be collected by cookies placed on your browser when you navigate our website. For more information on cookies, please refer to the appropriate section of this Policy.
IV. FOR WHAT PURPOSES DO WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
bbles.biz processes your personal data in order to:
enable you to create a client account on our website , applications and in stores;
keep track of purchases made in our stores;
manage customer relationships, taking into account any requests or complaints that a customer may make through our website, Customer Service or pages on social media;
manage the loyalty program;
monitor and take into account any warnings you may send us as part of our commitment to maintain ongoing vigilance in the cosmetics industry;
manage and optimize the user experience by improving our customer knowledge;
offer suitable personalized services, especially in the process of improving our products and services;
improvement of management tools, measurement and reporting in order to adjust and improve sales performance, marketing policy and product production;
with your consent – send you information about our offers, news and events through your chosen communication channel;
IV. FOR WHAT PURPOSES DO WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
bbles.biz processes your personal data in order to:
enable you to create a client account on our website , applications and in stores;
keep track of purchases made in our stores;
manage customer relations, taking into account any inquiries or complaints that a customer may send through our website or Customer Service at salesdev@bbles.biz
manage the loyalty program;
monitor and take into account any warnings that you may send to us as part of our commitment to maintain continued vigilance with you;
manage and optimize the user experience by improving our customer knowledge;
offer suitable personalized services, especially in the process of improving our services;
conduct statistical analyzes to improve management tools i, measuring and reporting in order to adjust and improve sales performance, marketing policy;
with your consent – to send you information about our offers, news and events through your chosen communication channel.
V.WHAT LEGAL BASIS EXIST TO PROCESS YOUR DATA?
bbles.biz processes your personal data:
in order to fulfill the contractual obligations between you and bbles.biz, to control access to your client account and processing your data;
in order to comply with their legitimate interests for the purpose of marketing management, ensuring the security of digital channels (websites, applications, etc.) and preventing fraud;
if you have given your consent to the processing of your data – in order to predict the success of use, to obtain navigation data using cookies, etc.
VI. WHO RECEIVES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Your personal data is processed by employees of bbles.biz. We guarantee that only authorized personnel of bbles.biz have access to your personal data when necessary to manage our business relationship or fulfill our legal obligations.
At bbles.biz may it becomes necessary to transfer your personal data to third parties in order to fulfill legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, or at the request of competent authorities.
VIII. HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
The data retention times determined by bbles.biz are in line with EU guidelines and / or legal obligations of bbles.biz.
IX. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AND HOW CAN YOU USE THEM?
According to current legal regulations, in particular the EU Regulation, you have the right to access and correct your personal data, the right to request their deletion, the right to refuse processing on legal grounds and the right to limit or transfer data to another system to the extent possible.
You can exercise these rights by contacting bbles.biz directly by sending an email to salesdev@bbles.biz
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you have any issues with app please send us your feedback to salesdev@bbles.biz.
Ok