Download the appHomeCommunityBlogPrivacy Statement for JAUMO Online OffersPrivacy StatementTerms and ConditionsImprintData protection declaration for Jaumo (and related apps) online offers In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail.1. Basic informationUnless otherwise stated in the following sections, no personal data is collected, processed or used when using our websites.When you access our Internet pages, our Web servers automatically collect general information. This includes the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of the Internet service provider, the IP address of the computer used, the website from which you visit us, the pages you visit on our site and the date and duration of your visit.This data cannot be used by us to identify the individual user. We only evaluate the information statistically and use it exclusively to improve the attractiveness, contents and functionalities of our websites.2. Personal DataIn the basic EU data protection regulation (GDPR), personal data are defined as follows:All information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter “data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more special features that express the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.3. Legal basis for the collection processing of personal dataInsofar as we obtain your consent for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing of your personal data.When processing your personal data to fulfil a contract between you and JAUMO, Art. 6 Para. 1 letter b GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures.Insofar as the processing of personal data is required to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis.If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.4. Data erasure and storage timeThe personal data of the person concerned will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Furthermore, data may be stored if this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which the person responsible is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires,unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract.5. Collection and processing of personal dataWe only collect personal data if you provide it to us voluntarily, for example if you register with us or contact us.We only use the personal data you provide to the extent that your data is necessary for the performance of our services.Any further use of your data, for example for further services or advertising purposes, will only take place if you have given your express prior consent. We only send you E-mail communication on Jaumo´s product features & marketing updates after we have received your specific consent or have already offered you an opt-out. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future.After complete contract processing, your data will be blocked for further use, unless you have given your separate consent for further use. After expiry of the tax and commercial law periods, this data will be deleted unless you have expressly consented to further use.The following regulations inform you in this respect about the type, scope and purpose of the collection, use and processing of personal data.6. ContactYou have the possibility to contact us with questions, wishes and suggestions. You can do this via e-mail or our contact form. If we request information via our contact form, this is only the information that is absolutely necessary to process the request. These details serve us to concretize your inquiry and to improve the processing of your request. In this case, the information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing your contact. In addition, the data collected in this way is compared with data that may otherwise be collected by us if you have given us your prior consent, which you can revoke at any time with effect for the future. To exercise your right of revocation, please contact the office named at the end of this declaration.7. ApplicationYou can apply via e-mail. Please note that e-mail attachments are not encrypted when sending application documents.If you have applied for a specific position and it has already been filled, or if we consider you even better suited for another position, we would like to save your application for longer. We ask for your explicit consent. Otherwise, your personal data will be deleted immediately after completion of the application process or after a maximum of 6 months.8. Data transmission to third partiesYour data will be passed on to service partners, provided that they work on our behalf and support JAUMO in the provision of their services.Processing of your personal data by contracted service providers takes place within the scope of order processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.The aforementioned service providers only have access to such personal information as is necessary for the performance of their respective activities. These service providers are prohibited from disclosing your personal information or using it for other purposes, in particular for their own advertising purposes.Where external service providers come into contact with your personal data, we have taken legal, technical and organizational measures and carried out regular checks to ensure that they also comply with the applicable data protection regulations.Your personal data will not be passed on commercially to other companies.9. Cookies9.1 Cookies are small text files which are either temporarily stored in the main memory (session cookies) or permanently stored on the hard disk (permanent cookies). By setting cookies, anonymous user IDs are assigned to users, but under no circumstances are programs executed on the user’s computer or computer viruses transmitted.9.2 By setting his Internet browser program, the user can freely decide whether he generally accepts cookies, whether he wants to be informed when a cookie is set or whether he wants to reject all cookies. JAUMO points out that the use of JAUMO´s services is not possible or only possible to a limited extent if cookies are rejected.9.3 JAUMO uses session cookies to authenticate the user during a session and to compensate for the load on JAUMO´s server capacity. The use of these cookies serves to ensure the smooth operation and improvement of JAUMO´s services. Session cookies expire automatically when the Internet browser program is closed.9.4 JAUMO permanently uses cookies relating to the last page visited on JAUMO and the respective region of a user’s computer in use. JAUMO also uses so-called intelligent cookies (e.g. popupcheck), which prevent certain popups from opening several times within a session. This increases the comfort when surfing on JAUMO.10. Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland). According to the agreement between Google and the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, the use of Google Analytics is possible under certain conditions in conformity with data protection and without complaints. In particular, we would like to point out that the IP masking function “_gat._anonymizeIp” has been added to Google Analytics on this website to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses.Please also note the following information on the use of Google Analytics:Google Analytics uses cookies which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, by activating IP anonymization on this website, Google will previously reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide the website operator with further services associated with website use and Internet use.The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link.Alternatively, you can prevent collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set to prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website: Disable Google Analytics. The opt-out cookie only applies to this browser and only to this domain. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.Further information can be found at https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/ and in Google’s privacy policy.11. Social NetworksSocial plugins of the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Instagram are integrated on our website. The plugins are integrated on our website by means of the symbol of the respective network and the name, only as a link to the corresponding service. After clicking on the integrated graphic you will be redirected to the provider’s page, i.e. only then will user information be transferred to the provider if necessary. If you click on the link of a service under the text line “Follow us”, you can follow our activities on the respective platform. JAUMO has no influence on the collection, processing and use of data from the respective networks. Please refer to the data protection regulations of the respective networks for information on the handling of your personal data when using these websites.12. Data securityJAUMO uses technical and organizational security measures to protect your data managed by us against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.If personal data are processed by you, you are affected in the sense of GDPR and you have the following rights against the person responsible:Right to information under Article 15 GDPRYou can ask us to confirm whether personal data concerning you will be processed by us. Once we have processed your data, you have further rights to information as set out in Article 15 of the GDPR.Right to correctionIf the information we have collected from you is incorrect or incomplete, you may immediately request us to correct it in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR.Right to limitation of processingUnder the conditions of Article 18 of the GDPR, you may also request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted.After the restriction, your data may only be processed with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State. We will inform you before the restriction is lifted.Right to cancellationIf one of the reasons in Article 17 para. 1 GDPR applies, you can request us to delete your personal data immediately, unless there is an exception to the deletion obligation in accordance with Article 17 para. 3 GDPR.Right to informationIf you have exercised your right to correct, delete or restrict processing against us, we are obliged under Article 19 GDPR to inform all recipients of your personal data of this, unless the notification is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. They also have the right to be informed of the recipients. The person responsible shall have the right to be informed of such recipients.Right to data transferabilityIn addition, according to Article 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive personal data concerning you from us in machine-readable format and to transmit the data to another person responsible without obstruction, provided that the requirements of Article 20 Para. 1 lit.a GDPR are met, or to obtain that your personal data are transmitted directly by us to another person responsible, provided that this is technically feasible and no freedoms and rights of other persons are impaired thereby. This right shall not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or for the exercise of official authority.Right of objectionYou have the right to object at any time to JAUMO´s processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR.We will no longer process your personal data, unless there are grounds for processing worthy of protection overriding your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consentYou have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent with declaration to JAUMO at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.Right of appeal to the supervisory authorityThey shall at all times, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their place of residence, of work or of the place of suspected infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning them is contrary to this Regulation.Changes to this Privacy PolicyThis data protection declaration is constantly being adapted in the course of the further development of the Internet or our offer. Changes will be announced on this page in due time. In order to keep up to date with the current status of our data usage regulations, this page should be accessed regularly.Data protection officerWe are also at your disposal in case of requests for information, applications or complaints:LETTER: Data Protection Officer c/o Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Straße 4, 73033 Göppingen, GermanyFAX: +49 7161 304880-1E-MAIL: privacy@jaumo.comContact details of the person responsible:Joyride GmbH, Bartenbacher Str. 4, 73033 Göppingen, Germany.Management: Jens Kammerer‍A World of New FriendsProductDownloadPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSupportCompanyPressCareersContact usImprint© Joyride GmbH • Made with Love