Privacy Policy
Last updated: 24 August, 2022
Vidow is centered on guaranteeing your security. We needn't bother with the customer to give any up close and personal or restricted information and don't assemble it during the use of the application.
Our basic belief toward data grouping is to assemble only the irrelevant data expected to work for a world-class application organization at scale. We need you to appreciate what information we assemble, what we don't accumulate, and how we assemble, use, and store information. We don't assemble logs of your activity, including no logging of scrutinizing history, traffic objective, or DNS requests. We in like manner never store affiliation logs, i.e., any logs of your IP address, your dynamic IP address, affiliation timestamp, or meeting term. We arranged our systems not to have delicate data about you; regardless, when compelled, we can't give data that we don't have.
This Privacy Policy depicts how Vidow and its accomplices ("Vidow," "we," "our" or "us") assemble, use, and offer information with respect to your usage of our organizations, and applications (overall, the "Organizations"). This Privacy Policy (the "Insurance Policy") doesn't make a difference to the information you may deal with while using our Services.
1.      PERSONAL INFORMATION (USER-CONTROLLED OPTION):
We will don't deliberately accumulate specific information about the substance you camouflage using our organizations. Your records are not accessible or made discernable, in whole or somewhat to us. We didn't give any kind of online support for content you cover using our organizations.
Since no data conveyed over the Internet or set aside on the Internet, customers can be bound to be absolutely secure. Our applications are non-mandatory log associations. Vidow isn't available for the information related to the individual information of customers, including anyway not limited to names (ally names, customer names, and screen names), addresses (tallying road numbers, private area, work regions) and telephones, aside from if the data you give dependent upon the setting of your associations with us and the choices you make, including your security settings, and the things and features you use to control your enrollment and for the motivation to capitalize on our applications organizations. Except for the limited exceptional cases, we don't normally accumulate any Personal Information from you.
In case you contact us clearly, we may get additional information about you like your name, email address, phone number, and the substance of the message or potential associations you may send us, and some other information you may choose to give. We may moreover get an attestation when you open an email from us.
Vidow uses your email address (if any depending upon your choice) for the going with reasons:
To talk with you about your application issue or respond to your exchanges.
To send you updates and assertions.
To send displaying information, for instance, VIDOW offers, outlines, sales, and substance about the various issues in regards to Vidow ("Marketing messages"). You may choose to not get advertising messages by following the quit framework portrayed in these messages.
Vidow uses your own information only for the reasons recorded in this Privacy Policy, and we don't offer your own information to pariahs without your previous consent.
2. SERVICE INFORMATION RELATED TO YOUR APP USAGE
Subject to appropriate laws and for the avoidance to infringe any organization access provider, any examining information, traffic objective, data content, IP addresses, DNS questions, or other similar information relating to your online activities imparted by you to any laborers is encoded and Vidow never use any kind of information. Taking everything into account, we don't assemble any information with respect to the locales you visit or any data set aside on or imparted from your contraption, including any data that applications on your device may send through the association. Even more expressly, Vidow has NO reports/information underneath in light of the current situation of the limited connecting with your own information and the non-variety of the destinations you visit or any data set aside on or sent from your contraption:
We don't know which customer anytime used a particular application, site or organization.
We don't know which customer was related to our application and make which activity.
We don't have even the remotest clue about the individual information of any customer.
If anyone may need to induction to or endeavor to oblige Vidow to convey customer information reliant upon any of the previously mentioned, we can't supply this information considering the way that the data don't exist.
For the motivation to fulfill our legitimate responsibilities as per some essential genuineness and to make you appreciate remarkable application organizations, we assemble the going with information related to your application usage:
Current Location
We use the customer's current region in our guide, course, and region organization Apps for the going with reason;
          to share the customer's current region by the customer's educating applications.
          to find the customer's expected course from the current region to objective.
          to find better places (for instance Inn, Fuel, Station, ATM or Bank, etc) nearby customer's current region.
We neither save nor offer to any social occasion the customer's current region, his course, or some other delicate information.
Text Message
We acquire permission to customer's texts only for the application reason especially to get notice, alert, or check messages sent by our laborer for the straightforwardness of the customer. We don't save, move, or offer your texts.
Camera
We acquire permission from the customer's camera to take photos and accounts. We don't save, offer or move your photos and accounts.
Contacts
We acquire permission from customer's contacts to use contacts inside the application in a manner of speaking. We neither save nor offer or move customer's contact data.
Storage
We acquire induction to the customer's accumulating for the going with reason;
1.      To get to the data inside the application related to the application like pictures, text, sound, and accounts, etc we don't save or share customer's application data.
2.       To store the customer's made data on SD card or web amassing of customer's device.
We neither save nor offer or move the customer's data.
Calendar Events
We acquire induction to the customer's timetable events to remind customers about the customer's latest timetable events. We don't save or share customer's timetable events.
Conclusion
Concerning data, we've planned our structures to totally clear out the limit of sensitive data. We never know HOW they have utilized our Service.
We remain by our solid obligation to our clients' protection by not having any information identified with a client's on the web or disconnected exercises.
We stay by our solid commitment to our customers' insurance by not having any data related to a customer's on the web or detached activities.
3. THE USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
How we use information
We use the information we accumulate in an unexpected way, including to:
Share, save, and eradicate data or records inside Apps;
Improve, update, and modify data using Apps;
Understand and examine how you need to use the application;
Develop new things, organizations, features, and handiness;
Communicate with you, either clearly or through one of our assistants, including for customer care, to give you invigorates and other information relating to the Apps, and for promoting and restricted time purposes;
Process your trades;
Send you texts and message pop-ups;
Find and thwart deception; and
For consistency purposes, including maintaining our Terms of Service, or other authentic rights, or as may be required by appropriate laws and rules or referenced by any legitimate connection of regulatory association.
4. ADVERTISING
We don't serve any advancements for the VIP participation of our organizations. Additionally, we are happy to offer free, publicizing maintained App organizations to the customers. We work with untouchable publicizing associates to show advancements to the customers who pick free application organizations.
We ensure that we don't zero in on any near and dear information reliant upon these advancements. Notwithstanding the way that you select to use the free, publicizing maintained application organizations, we won't bestow to the advertisers any of you are near and dear information or any customer information without your previous consent.
Regardless of the earlier, these advancing assistants may set and access their own treats, pixel names, and tantamount progressions on our organizations, and they may some way or another assemble or approach information about you which they may accumulate as time goes on and across different online organizations.
5. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
Keeping your information covered up is our middle's main goal. With the help of this mission, Vidow enrolled business climate is in Pakistan, where has joined the data security establishment.
There are no remarkable data upkeep laws and no course identifying with e-disclosure or exposure to new law approval associations in Pakistan. The disclosure of individual data may follow this Privacy Policy.
Required by any new law execution associations, Vidow turns over guaranteed customer information perpetual stock of a generous bring, court solicitation, or court request, which will be served effectively under the Rules of the Court of Pakistan. Even more expressly, we think the call, court solicitation or court request may lose its coercive effect when it crosses its breaking point. It simply recuperates coercive effect on the contrary side of the line either through a restraining movement (in the other state's courts) or under the authority of a standard. Additionally, we will exhort impacted customers about any sales for their record information, with the exception of whenever denied from doing as such by law or court demand. Would it be a good idea for us to get a generous served genuine solicitation, note that Vidow doesn't assemble any IP addresses, scrutinizing history, traffic data, or DNS questions that could be used to recognize a specific customer?
6. DATA RETENTION
We hold singular information we assemble from you where we have a constant veritable business need to do accordingly (for example, to give you the help you have referenced or to adjust to appropriate real, cost, or accounting necessities).
Right, when we have no constant veritable business need to deal with your own information, we will either eradicate or anonymize it or, if this isn't serviceable (for example, because your own information has been taken care of in support records), by then, we will securely store your own information and withdraw it from any further getting ready until deletion is possible.
We track any correspondence, questions, complaints, or commends you submit to us, close by our response. Dependent upon how you reach out to us, we may assemble your email address and any additional information you provide for us. Having full correspondence records engages us to give the best customer help insight.
We use messages for help correspondence: info@vidoxe.com.
Right when you contrast and we using these messages, your correspondence records, including your name and email address, are taken care of in their structures.
7. SECURITY MEASURES
Vidow is centered on getting your information. We use top-level physical, procedural, and particular security for our work environments and information storerooms to thwart any disaster, misuse, unapproved access, exposure, or change of information. Induction to customer information is restricted to staff who require such permission to play out their work limits.
While we acknowledge these structures are solid, grasp that no data wellbeing endeavors in the world can offer 100% security.
Laborers are housed in worker ranches with strong security practices. None of these worker ranches anticipate that we should assemble or store any traffic data or individual information related to your usage of application organizations. In case any worker ranch was to demand that we log such data, we would immediately stop errands with a said worker cultivate and find elective decisions.
8. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
You should be aware that the Services may from time to time contain links to third-party sites, products or services. VIDOW Labs is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites or services. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We feel under a particular obligation to protect information got from little children. We would unequivocally request that gatekeepers train their adolescents never to divulge their real name, their area, or their telephone number while they are online without prior assent. Vidow doesn't intentionally assemble information from kids more youthful than 16, and adolescents under 16 years old are prohibited from using our organizations. If you find that a young person has given us singular information encroaching upon this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at info@vidoxe.com.
10. ACCESS
Right when you become one of our customers for the application organizations, you may get to certain information identified with you by informing info@vidoxe.com. If you decide not to use our application benefits anymore, any open activity on your Account before deletion may remain set aside on our laborers and may remain open to general society.
To guarantee your insurance and security, we may similarly discover reasonable approaches to affirm your character before reviving or disposing of your information. The information you give us may be chronicled or taken care of once in a while by us according to support estimates coordinated in the standard course of business for fiasco recovery purposes. Your ability to get to and right your information may be momentarily limited where access and correction could: thwart our ability to concur with a legal responsibility; control our ability to investigate, make or protect legal cases; achieve the openness of individual information about an outcast; or result in a break of an understanding or disclosure of restrictive advancements or other selective business information having a spot with us or an untouchable.
11. GDPR
Vidow is centered on customer security all throughout the planet, and individual information under customers' impact and an unimportant collection of data is our present practice. According to the essentials of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we assemble and cycle the data with a certain goal in mind of customers in EU spread out in this Privacy Policy on one of the going with puts together, dependent upon the conditions:
i)   For the inspirations driving fulfilling our definitive responsibilities to customers, including:
Providing customers with the App Services and Apps they have referenced.
Managing customer participation and planning portions.
Providing customer administration.
ii)   For a legitimate interest identified with the movement of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, steadfastness, and ampleness of our Services and Apps.
Communicating with customers to give information and search for input related to our organizations and Apps.
You can pull out your consent at whatever point. Pulling out your consent will not impact the authenticity of any taking care of we coordinated before your withdrawal, nor will it impact the getting ready of your own information drove autonomy on lawful planning grounds other than consent. As well, you hold the choice to stop advancing correspondences we send you at whatever point. You can rehearse this advantage by tapping on the "pull out" or "quit" interface in the publicizing messages we send you.
You can rehearse your advantages under the GDPR to will, move, right, delete, or object to the treatment of your own information by contacting us at info@vidoxe.com.
12. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Vidow is an overall business. We may move singular information to countries other than the country in which the data was at first accumulated. These countries probably won't have comparative data protection laws as the country in which you from the start gave the information. Exactly when we move your own information to various countries, we will guarantee that information is portrayed in this Privacy Policy.
14. CONTACTS
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please Email us at info@vidoxe.com.
15. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
For the motivation to involve with appropriate security laws and guidelines, this Privacy Policy may be changed every so often without prior warning to you, so generously review it as regularly as could really be expected. You continued with use of our application organizations builds up your affirmation of our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our destinations. If we actually change the way we use or offer individual information as of late assembled from you through our application organizations, we will advise you through our APP, email, or other correspondence.
Much thanks to you…