KISMIA
IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
In order to use the Service, we may ask you to enter your email, name, date of birth, gender, location (city
and country), marital status, weight, height, add your photo and answer several questions about your habits,
hobbies, professional activity, education. We will also automatically collect from your device language
settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet
service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, Facebook ID, and other unique identifiers (such as IDFA and
AAID). We need this data to provide our Services, analyze how our customers use the Service and to measure
ads.
For improving the Service and serving ads, we use third party solutions. As a result, we may process data
using solutions developed by Adcash, Adroll, Appsflyer, Facebook, Google, Hotjar, Onesignal, Taboola,
TikTok, Snapchat, Servers.com. Therefore, some of the data is stored and processed on the servers of such
third parties. This enables us to (1) analyze different interactions (how often users make purchases, what
products our users viewed, how many of our users are women); (2) serve and measure ads (and show them only
to a particular group of users, for example, only to those, who have made a purchase).
If you decide to make a purchase or to order a Service on our Website, we will ask your age, gender and
name, as well as answers to questions relating to your relationship experience, expectations and goals. We
will use this data to fulfil your order and to render a Service.
Please read our Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data (Section
3),
what data privacy rights are available to you (Section-6), and who will be the data
controller (Section 1). If any questions remain unanswered, please contact us at
[email protected].
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use Kismia mobile application (the
“App”), the website located at (the “Website”), the services and products
provided through them (together with the App and Website, the “Service”), how such personal data will be
processed.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY,
AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 18 YEARS OF AGE. If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not
use the Service. In such case, you must (a) delete your account using the functionality found in “Settings”
in the App, or contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) delete the App from your device or leave
the Website and not access or use it; and (c) cancel any active subscriptions or trials using the
functionality provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are using Android), if you
purchased a subscription in the App, or by clicking “Unsubscribe” button in settings, or contacting us at
[email], if you purchased a subscription on the Website; and (c) delete the App from your device.
Any translation from English version is provided for your convenience only. In the event of any difference
in meaning or interpretation between the English language version of this Privacy Policy available at Kismia.com, and any translation, the English language version
will prevail. The original English text shall be the sole legally binding version.
“GDPR” means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal
data and on the free movement of such data.
“EEA” “EEA” includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Free Trade
Association. For the purpose of this policy EEA shall include the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland.
“Process”, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
AGE LIMITATION
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
DATA RETENTION
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
CONTACT US
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
KISMIA GROUP LIMITED, a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus,
having its registered office at Pentadaktylou, 2B, Ypsonas, 4184, Limassol, Cyprus, will be the
controller of your personal data.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, email address, name, gender, date of
birth, marital status, country, city). We also may receive data about you from third parties
(for example, when you sign in via Facebook). We also collect data automatically (for example,
your IP address, device type, etc.).
SEE MORE
Data you give us
If you decide to make a purchase on the Website or when you register for and/or use the
Service, we will ask you to provide us information about yourself, for example, your
photo, email address, name, date of birth (age), gender, city, country, weight and
height. You can also submit optional information such as your phone number, photos,
education, languages, ethnicity, religion, areas of interest, and fields of activity.
This information will be public to the App users. We may also ask you to answer some
questions relating to lifestyle and relationships. You can provide us with your email
when you contact our support team.
We may conduct customer surveys and collect feedback on the satisfaction with the
Service from time to time. If you agree to participate, we can ask you to provide your
phone number and time zone in order to contact you and discuss issues you have with the
Service or receive your feedback. We may record the phone calls with our support team to
assess the quality of assistance, provided that we notify you prior to such a record and
obtain your consent (where the consent is legally required).
Data provided to us by third parties
When you decide to connect your profile in the App with your social media account (for
example, Meta (Facebook), Google, Instragram), we will get personal data from such
social media account. This includes your name, user ID, profile picture, username,
gender, age range, language, country, friend list, email address, and any other
information you have made public. on you have made
public.
Meta lets you control the choices you made when connecting your Meta profile to the App
on their
Apps
and Websites page.
Google lets you remove access granted to the apps here: Google Permissions.
When you use sign in with Apple to access the Service, we get personal data from your
Apple ID account. This data may include, in particular, your name and verified email
address. You may choose to share your real email address or an anonymous one that uses
the private email relay service. Apple will show you their detailed privacy information
on the sign in with Apple screen. Find more about sign with Apple here.
Data we collect automatically
Data about how you found us
We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on
the Web where you were when you tapped/clicked on our ad).
Device and Location data
We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language
settings, IP address, location, time zone, type and model of a device, device
settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware
ID, and Facebook ID.
When you give the App permission to use your location, the App will be able to
show your device’s location to other users of the App. Your location data is
generally not sufficient to identify you personally.
Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log what pages you
have viewed, the features and content you interact with, how often you use the
Service, how long you are on the Service, your purchases, your taps on certain
areas of the interface, the features.
Advertising IDs
We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”), Identifier for Vendor
(“IDFV”) or Google Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of
your device) when you access our App or Website from a mobile device. You can
typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating
system (but we do not control this).
Transaction data
When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial
account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service
providers. We do not collect or store full credit card number data, though we
may receive credit card-related data, data about the transaction, including:
date, time and amount of the transaction, the type of payment method used.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent
cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to
make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on
your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that
set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent
cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to
make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on
your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that
set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data:
To provide our Service
This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and preventing or
addressing Service errors or technical issues. As a result of such processing, we will
use your email, for example, for sending you the information about your purchase.
SEE MORE
We use Firebase Performance Monitoring and Firebase Crash Reporting,
which are monitoring
services provided by Google. To learn more, please visit Google’s Privacy policy and
Privacy and Security in
Firebase.
To customize your experience
We process your personal data, such as age, gender, location to adjust the content of the
Service and provide content tailored to your personal preferences. For example, we may
show you users from the relevant locations, of the same (or almost the same) age group
and users that correspond to your preferences. We may also use the information provided
by you during the quiz on relationship and lifestyle to make the most suitable offer to
you. As a result of such processing, you get access, for example, to educational courses
designed for your goals.
To manage your account and provide you with customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service
information or to any other communication you initiate. For this purpose, we may send
you, for example, notifications or emails about, the performance of our Service,
security, payment transactions, notices regarding our Terms
and Conditions of Use
or this Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you, for example, by push notifications or by emails. These may
include reminders or other information about the Service. As a result, you will, for
example, receive a push notification that a new feature has been deployed in the
Service. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you need to change the settings on
your device. To opt-out of receiving emails, you should click unsubscribe link in the
footer of each email.
SEE MORE
The services that we use for these purposes may collect data concerning the date and
time when the message was viewed by our Service’s users, as well as when they
interacted with it, such as by tapping/clicking on links included in the message.
We also use OneSignal Push Notification service, that is a notifications service
provided by OneSignal. It allows us to send information to iOS and Android devices.
Learn more about OneSignal’s approach to data in its Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you we also use Firebase Cloud Messaging and Firebase
Notifications, which is message sending service provided by Google. Firebase
Cloud Messaging allows us to send messages and notifications to users of our Service
across platforms such as Android and iOS when you access our Service from a mobile
device or across your internet browser when you access our Service from a laptop. We
may integrate Firebase Notifications with Firebase Analytics to create
analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events. As a result, we
can, for example, send reminders only to users who used the Service more frequently.
Google's
Privacy policy.
We may use Apple Push Notification service (“APNs”), that is a
notifications service
provided by Apple. APNs allows to send information to iOS devices. Apple’s Privacy policy.
You can control your push notification settings both on Android and on
iOS.
To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain,
improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the Service and our new products. We also
use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and improve our offers. This
enables us to better understand what categories of users use our Services. As a
consequence, we often decide how to improve the Service based on the results obtained
from this processing. For example, if we discover that users choose certain features of
the Service, we may focus on improving the category or decide to remove it.
SEE MORE
To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our Service we use
Appsflyer.
Appsflyer enables us to understand, in particular, how users find us (for example,
who was the advertiser that delivered an ad to users, which led you to our Website).
Appsflyer also provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research
and analyze your use of the Service. Privacy Policy.
Appsflyer allows you to Opt Out of having
data from my device sent to Appsflyer's servers for apps usage collection.
We use Facebook Analytics, which is a service provided by Facebook that
allows us to use different analytical tools. On Facebook Analytics we get, in
particular, aggregated demographics and insights on how many people visit our
Service, how often users make purchases, and other interactions. Lean more about
Facebook’s approach to data from its Privacy
Policy
To track and analyze behavior of our Service’s users (in particular, how they react
to changes of the Service structure, text or any other component), we use Firebase
Remote Config. Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service
provided by Google, which also enables us to tailor the content that our Service’s
users see (for example, it allows us to show different onboarding screens to
different users)
Privacy
Policy and Privacy
and Security in Firebase.
We also use Firebase Analytics, which is an analytics service provided by
Google. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's tand Google's
use of data, consult Google's
partner policy.
Firebase Privacy
information.
Google’s Privacy Policy.
To send you marketing communications
We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. As a result, you will receive
information about our products, such as, for example, special offers or new features and
products available on the Service. We may show you advertisements on our Service, and
send you emails for marketing purposes. If you do not want to receive marketing emails
from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions in the footer of the marketing
emails.
To personalize our ads
We and our partners use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to
you at the relevant time. For example, if you visited our Website or installed the App,
you might see ads of our products in your Facebook’s feed.
How to opt-out or influence personalized advertising
iOS: On your iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Apple Advertising and
deselect Personalized Ads.
Android: To opt-out of ads on an Android device, go to Settings > Privacy > Ads
and enable Opt out of Ads personalization. In addition, you can reset your advertising
identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please
look at the information available here.
macOS: On your MacBook, you can disable personalized ads: go to System Preferences
> Security & Privacy > Privacy, select Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads.
Windows: On your laptop running Windows 10, you shall select Start > Settings >
Privacy and then turn off the setting for Let apps use advertising ID to make ads more
interesting to you based on your app activity. If you have other Windows version, please
follow the steps here
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please
look at the information available here.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt-out of some interest-based
advertising, by visiting the following links:
• Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
• Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/
• Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – http://youradchoices.ca/choices
• Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
• DAA AppChoices page – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
Browsers: It is also may be possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies
altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings
in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful,
or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
• Cookie
settings in Internet Explorer
• Cookie settings in Firefox
• Cookie
settings in Chrome
• Cookie settings in Safari
web and iOS
Google allows its users to opt
out of Google’s personalized ads and to prevent their data from being used
by Google Analytics.
SEE MORE
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you
know
what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to
control your ad preferences.
We use Facebook pixel on the Service. Facebook pixel is a code placed on
the
Service collecting data that helps us track conversions from Facebook ads, build
targeted audience and remarket to people who have taken some action on the
Service
(for example, made a purchase). Together with Facebook pixel we also use Facebook
Conversions API to further attribute and improve our Facebook marketing
performance.
We use Facebook Ads Manager together with Facebook Custom Audience,
which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other
Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience
we
may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose
users
that have completed certain actions in the Service (for example, visited certain
sections of the Service). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a
particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are
using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You may
learn
how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook Custom Audience
here
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on
Facebook.
To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go here
or
adjust your ads settings on Facebook.
Google Ads is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver
ads
to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they
will
appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our
Service (for example, show our ads to users who have made a purchase). Some
other
examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular,
visiting our Website. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s
personalized
ads and to prevent
their
data from being used by Google
Analytics.
We also use Snapchat Advertising Platform together with Snapchat
Audience
Based
Match,
, which is an ad delivery service provided by Snapchat that can link the
activity of
some users of our Service with the Snapchat advertising network and show some of
our
ads to them. As a result, you may see more of ads on Snapchat in case you use
our
Service. Snapchat allows you to Opt
Out of their audience based ads.
Privacy Policy.
TikTok Ads is the service provided by TikTok that can deliver ads to its
users.
The ads
can be tailored to specific categories of users (for instance, based on their
geographical location). For more information, please refer to TikTok’s
Privacy
Policy.
Adroll, which is a division of NextRoll, is a marketing platform
that
we
use to show you
ads that are most relevant to you, to analyze, measure and optimize ads
performance.
To
learn more about Adroll’s data policies, visit its Privacy Notice. To opt out
serving
targeted advertising to you, click “Opt out” here.
Taboola Ads is a service provided by Taboola Inc., which allows us to
serve
you
personalized ads. For more information about Taboola’s privacy practices, see
its
Privacy
Policy. If you do not want to receive interest-based ads from Taboola,
you
can
Opt-Out.
To process your payments
We provide paid products and/or services within the Service. For this purpose, we use
third-party services for payment processing (for example, payment processors). As a
result of this processing, you will be able to make a payment and we will be notified
that the payment has been made. We will not store or collect your payment card details
ourselves. This information will be provided directly to our third-party payment
processors. To enable the purchase and to process your payments we use Solid, payment
processing provider.
To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect,
prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information
with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in
connection with our Terms and Conditions of Use). .
To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law
enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means.
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (applies only to EEA-based
users)
In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each particular purpose of
processing. For more information on a particular purpose, please refer to Section
3.
This
Section applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data under the following legal bases:
your consent;
Under this legal basis we will, for example, send you marketing communications. You
have the right to withdraw your consent any time by using the unsubscribe link in
the footer of our emails. We will also send you push notifications if you allow us
to. You can disable notifications any time in the settings of your device.
to perform our contract with you;
Under this legal basis we:
• • Provide our Service (in accordance with our Terms and Conditions of Use)
• Customize your experience
• Provide you with customer support
• Communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
• Process your payments
or our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by
your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of
personal data;
We rely on legitimate interests:
• to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
This includes, for example, sending you email or push notification to notify you
that we have released a new product or reminding to finish a purchase. The
legitimate interest we rely on for this purpose is our interest to encourage you
to use our Service more often.
• to research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our
Service so that we understand users’ preferences and are able to provide you
with a better experience (for example, to make the use of the Service easier and
more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).
• to send you marketing communications
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
promote our Service, including new products and special offers, in a measured
and appropriate way.
• to personalize our ads
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
• • to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights,
preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorised use of the Service,
non-compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
to comply with legal obligations.
We process special categories of personal data, such as religion, ethnicity, sexual
orientation on the basis that you manifestly make this data public.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate,
customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in
particular, for purposes and with parties indicated in Section 3 of
this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with include, in
particular:
Service providers
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform
business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We may share your personal
information with the following types of service providers:
• cloud storage providers (Servers.com)
• data analytics providers (Facebook, Firebase, Appsflyer, Google)
• measurement partners
• communication service providers (Intercom, Firebase, Zendesk)
• marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies, email
delivery services; Facebook, Google, Snapchat, TikTok, Taboola)
• email delivery and notification services (OneSignal, Apple)
• payment service providers (PayPal, Solid)
Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms
and Conditions of Use, , to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or
that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law
enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities,
or in other cases provided for by law.
Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’
information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of
transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent
company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate
transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or
asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data. You may request a copy
of, as
well as updating and correcting your personal data collected during your use of the Service at
[email protected]. You can also
request
information about you by clicking on “Request My
Data” in the App settings.
Deleting your personal data. You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us
an email
at [email protected] or by
clicking on
“Delete My Data” in the App settings.
WWhen you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your
request. In some cases, we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time;
in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data. You can ask us to stop using
all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request at
[email protected].
Additional information for EEA-based users:
If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority.
We would love you to contact
us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a
complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member
State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
The right to data portability. If you wish to receive your personal data in a
machine-readable format, you can send respective request to us as described below.To exercise
any of your privacy rights, please send a request to [email protected].
AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 18 years of age. If you learn that
anyone younger than 18 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at
[email protected].
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was
originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use and for purposes indicated in
this
Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data protection laws as the country in
which you initially provided the information, we deploy special safeguards.
In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not
adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard
Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available here),
or (ii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available here).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to
this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by available means such as email and will have an
opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service
after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete
and opt-out, and requires us to disclose what personal information we have collected, used, and
shared over the last 12 months.
Section 2 describes the personal information we have collected about you, including the sources
of that information. We collect this information for the purposes described in Section 3. We
share this information as described in Section 5.
Under CCPA you as a California resident have the following rights:
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the personal
information we collect, use, or disclose.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete your personal
information that
we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out. CCPA requires that we maintain a separate webpage that allows you
to opt
out of the sale of your personal information, which can be accessed by clicking the link
Right to Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any
of
these rights. We will not deny you our services, charge you different prices, or provide you
a lower quality of services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make
requests
on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an
agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf,
and
we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
To exercise any of your privacy rights, please send a request to [email protected].
California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies once a year
what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties' direct
marketing
purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be personal information under the statute.
To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to [email protected],
which includes “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and your state
of residence and email address in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we
will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.
DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the
purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you). We will also
retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements.
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
Various browsers (including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari) offer a DNT option that
relies on a technology known as a DNT header that sends a signal to websites visited by the
browser user about the user's DNT preference. You can usually access your browser's DNT option
in your browser's preferences.
We currently do not support “Do Not Track” requests because no DNT standard has been adopted.
Our third-party services may collect information about you and your online activities over time
and across our Services and other online properties. These third parties may not change their
tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these
parties to honor DNT settings. To determine whether any of the third-party services honor the
“Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous
versions. For any questions concerning your account or your personal data please contact us at
[email protected].
Effective as of: September 13, 2022