Privacy Policy
Your Rights
You can use email: [email protected] Contact us and let us know if you wish to delete your request, including deleting
your account and data. We will process your requirements within 30 days.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your
personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your
information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for
any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained
your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services
may not be available to you.
To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or
policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any
alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate
violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees
based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or
policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
To send you Service-related communications. We use your contact information to send you administrative or
account-related information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security
issues or updates, or provide other transaction-related information to you. Service-related communications are
not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such communications because you could miss important
developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how you can use our Services.
To provide the Services to you. We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the
Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this
information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the
Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.
To provide customer service. We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any
questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information,
we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
For security purposes. We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures;
combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that
unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do
not process your personal information for security purposes.
Designated Countries: For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal
information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland
(collectively, the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located
in the Designated Countries to comply with our legal obligations.
To personalize your experience on the Services. We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via
social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of
your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such
processing, you may not be able to access or personalize part or all of our Services.
To maintain legal and regulatory compliance. We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill
our other business obligations, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. We cannot perform the
Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information
for such purposes.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located
in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
To conduct research and development. We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services
to: help us improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing
ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.
Designated Countries: Pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, we process the personal information of users located
in the Designated Countries to satisfy our legitimate interests as described above.
To engage in marketing activities. We may process your contact information or information about your
interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications; deliver targeted marketing; inform you about
events, webinars, or other materials, including those of our partners; and, keep you up-to-date with our
relevant products and Services. Transactional communications about your account or our Services are not
considered “marketing” communications. In addition, when you share your friends’ contact information with us, we
may reach out to them to invite them to our Services and to continue receiving our communications. You can
opt-out of our marketing activities at any time.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you
use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Daily App is created
with the help of the Free Privacy Policy website.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can
be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is
not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address
of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device
identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service
and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent
to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and
scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you
do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookie s to re member your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Information Collection and Use
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use
of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in
this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to
you.
Use of Data
GPS & Navigation uses the collected data for various purposes: To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so To provide customer
care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service To monitor the usage of the
Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside
of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ
than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data,
including Personal Data, to India and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your
submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
GPS & Navigation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or
a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal
information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
To protect and defend the rights or property of GPS & Navigation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of
users of the Service or the public
GPS & Navigation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: To
comply with a legal obligation
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide
the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is
used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are
obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link,
you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every
site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third
party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective
and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are
effective when they are posted on this page.