Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy of FULIAO HONGKONG LIMITED and CHAMET and its
various & next versions including CHAMET web version (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "CHAMET", "us", "we", or "our") and is
incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use.In this Privacy
Policy, we refer to our products and services as the "Service". Please
read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of the
Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not
use the Service.
Information we collect
When users sign in with Facebook/Google, Chamet will collect their
nickname and avatar from Facebook/Google, which will be used as default
nickname and avatar for Chamet. Users can change or modify their
nickname and avatar for Chamet later. Chamet ensures these collected
data confidentially.
You should pass face verification to ensure your interests when
you use some functions. Chamet will not use your face information for
other purposes. When you install the Service on your device and
register with CHAMET, personally identifiable information about you may
be collected during the download process for the Service (as requested
during the download process) and when you register with us. For
registration through CHAMET, you are required to provide your mobile
phone number or your email address, city location, gender, name,
depending on the device(s) you are using on the Service. You may also
provide personally identifiable information, but that is optional. When
you log in using your Facebook account, we may collect additional
information you make available to us (see "Your User Profile" below).
In addition, when you install the Service on your device and
register with CHAMET, you may will be asked to allow us access to your
address book. If you consent, we will have access to contact information
in your address book on the device you use for the Service (names,
numbers, emails, and Facebook IDs, but not notes or other personal
information in your address book) and we will store them on our servers
and use them to help you use the Service, for example, by synchronizing
your CHAMET contacts between different devices you may want to use with
the Service. If you do not want CHAMET to store this information, you
may opt-out through your account settings in the CHAMETapplication at
any time. However, we may not be able to offer some of the features that
require this information. CHAMET may also collect and gather
non-personally identifiable information, such as certain profile
information including country of residence and preferences. In addition,
CHAMET may collect and store information about your and others’ usage of
and interaction with the Service and our websites, including matches,
numbers of matches made by members, match durations, text messages,
usage by geographies, device and connection information, IP address,
device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, network type and
traffic to and from our websites. CHAMET allows you to share text
messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the
CHAMET application with other users, and if you choose to do so your
text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications will
be stored on our servers. In addition, if you choose to share these
items with other CHAMET users, we may not be able to remove them from
our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have shared them
with. Sending and sharing text messages, photos, screenshots, videos or
other communications in the CHAMET application is your decision. By
choosing to share that information, you should understand that you may
no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it
may become publicly available (depending in part on your actions or the
actions of others with whom you have shared the information). CHAMET is
not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share. . In
addition, in case your conversation partner reports your abusive
behavior or language to us, then the conversation information such as
voices, screenshots or contents of conversation which has been stored
only in your partner's device may be transferred to our servers. Such
transferred information will be processed by us to ascertain the
genuineness of the report and determine your penalty levels, if needed.
CHAMET may also collect and gather user contents (e.g., photos,
screenshots, comments, and other materials) that you create on the
Service. Your photo can be taken by other users on the CHAMET, and If
they use capturing function provided by the CHAMET, those photos can be
stored and used for CHAMET and 3rd party’s service (e.g. Facebook,
etc.). You can change sharing option of 3rd party on the CHAMET
settings. If you do not agree with all the terms of this Privacy Policy,
please do not use the Service. To complete a commerce transaction
on CHAMET item shop, you will be requested to provide your payment
information, including your credit card number, card expiration date,
CVV code, and billing address. In that event, we will transmit your
information securely directly to a third party vendor or merchant who
will collect such information in order to process and fulfill your
purchase. CHAMET does not process or store your payment information.
However, we may store other information about your purchases made on the
Service, which may include the merchant’s name, the date, time and
amount of the transaction and other behavioral information. We
also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs
up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the
Service for future releases. In general these reports do not contain
personally identifiable information, or only incidentally. As part of
these error reports, we receive information about the type and version
of your device, the device identifier, the time the error occurred, the
feature being used and the state of the application when the error
occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other than
investigating and fixing the error.
Sharing of your information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties (or the group
of companies of which CHAMET is a part) without your consent, except as
noted in this Privacy Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information: ● We may
share User Content and your information (including but not limited to,
information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data,
and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group
of companies that CHAMET is part of, or that become part of that group
("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide,
understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics)
and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and
more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices
you make about who can see your contents. ● We also may share your
information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files,
and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations
that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our
Service Providers will be given access to your information as is
reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable
confidentiality terms. ● We may also share aggregate or anonymous
information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For
example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app
receives. This information does not contain any personal or personally
identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services
that we hope you will find of interest. ● We may remove parts of
data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties.
We may also combine your information with other information in a way
that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated
information. Parties with whom you may choose to share your User
Content: ● Any information or content that you voluntarily
disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes
available to the public. With this feature, CHAMET can be protected from
exhibitionism. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that
User Content may be re-shared by others. ● If you remove
information and contents (e.g. Screenshots, etc.) that you created on
the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of
the Service, or if other Users or third parties have copied or saved
that information (e.g. Facebook, etc.).
How we use information we collect
We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:
● To verify your identity; ● To connect you with others as
enabled by the Service; ● To share your Profile with others on the
Service; ● To allow your use of certain features of the Service
that may be offered from time to time. ● To show you the names of
persons you communicate with and to show your name to persons you
communicate with on the Service; ● To deliver to you any
administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use
of the Service; ● To provide you with relevant content that you
requested, using information that you allow us to collect from you or
that you provide to a social media provider with which your CHAMET
account is connected, such as information regarding your and your CHAMET
contacts' respective locations; ● To contact you via email, SMS or
otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new products, services
or promotions offered by CHAMET. ● For internal operations,
including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research,
improvements to the Service, detecting and protecting against error,
fraud or other illegal activity; ● When we have a good faith
belief that the law, any legal process, law enforcement, national
security or issue of public importance requires disclosure; ● To
protect and defend our rights or property (including to enforce our
Terms of Use and other agreements); or ● In connection with a
corporate transaction involving CHAMET, such as the purchase or sale of
a business unit, an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, or other
similar event.
Your User Profile
The information you enter into your user profile (your “Profile”) may be
shared with your CHAMET contacts. You control your Profile and you can
access and modify your Profile from the CHAMET application at any time.
In addition, if you register with CHAMET using your Facebook account
(e.g. Facebook Connect), we may store your Facebook ID and corresponding
token on our servers and, if you give us your express consent, we will
have access to and may collect certain information that you make
available on Facebook (for example, your first and last names, email
address, profile picture, your friend lists and birthdays). Your Profile
is available to other users of the Service who are connected to you on
CHAMET. In addition, unless you opt-out (which you may do at any time in
theCHAMETapplication), your Profile is discoverable by other CHAMET
users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will
include your proximity to other users. You may also “block out” any
CHAMET user in your contact list from discovering your Profile at any
time. In addition, CHAMET may pre-populate your Profile with certain
information such as your name and Facebook profile picture if you or
your friends have logged onto the Service using Facebook.
Data Access and Removal
You can always control what information you choose to share with us on
the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in
your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your
mobile device entirely.
You can remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete
your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your
data from our servers. Any personally identifiable information
that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or
through the CHAMET application with other users, or (ii) submit on a
blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be
viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or
to commit identity theft. CHAMET is not responsible for any use or
misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of
information.
Service Providers
In certain instances, FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITED and CHAMET may have
contracts with third parties to provide products and/or services in
connection with the Service. In those cases, CHAMET may share your
personal information with CHAMET’S third-party service providers, but
only in connection with providing the services to you. For example,
CHAMET shares your phone number or email with third party SMS and email
providers to deliver the authentication SMS or email to you when you
register with CHAMET. We contractually require that these third parties
use your information solely to deliver SMS or email to you and to use
appropriate security measures to protect your information. In addition,
certain CHAMET servers are owned and hosted by third party service
providers. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third
party service providers.
Outbound Links
If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party,
including through the Service or CHAMET website, such third party may
also collect information about you. Please see the privacy policies of
each such third party for more information about how they use the
information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
exchange of information between you and any third party.
Opt-Out – Promotional Communications
CHAMET allows you to choose not to receive promotional email messages
from CHAMET and its service providers. You may opt-out by following
instructions in the message sent byCHAMET or its service providers on
how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. You may also opt-out by
contacting us at chametservice@gmail.com
Security
Protecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority
forFULIAO HONG KONG LIMITED and CHAMET. We make substantial efforts to
ensure the privacy of all personally identifiable information you
provide to us. Access to all personally identifiable information is
restricted to those FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITED. and CHAMET employees,
contractors, agents and third-party service providers who need to know
that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain,
support or improve the Service. FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITED . and CHAMET
uses password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to
safeguard the confidentiality and security of all member information.
In addition, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and
related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information
under our control against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data Transfer
Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which
FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITED and CHAMET maintains facilities. In this
regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in
this Privacy Policy, FULIAO HONG KONG LIMITEDand CHAMET reserves the
right to transfer information outside of your country. By using the
Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your
country.
Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18)
and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service. If we become
aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable
information from a user under the age of eighteen as part of the
Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we change
our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental
consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from
children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy
Policy. You may review updates to our Privacy Policy at any time via
links on our website. You agree to accept electronic communications
and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on theFULIAO HONG KONG
LIMITED. and CHAMET website, and you agree that such electronic
communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy
Policy. We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time, so
please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by
publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our
website, or as required by law. You agree to review the Privacy Policy
periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. You agree that
your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy
Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of
the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of the
Privacy Policy, you should not use the Service.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us
at any time by emailing us at chametservice@gmail.com. We process and
answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one
month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required
due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time
can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the
GDPR.
1) Right to request access You have the right to request
access into the data that we are processing on you, see Article 15 of
the GDPR, including information about: ● the purposes of the
processing ● the categories of personal data concerned ● the
recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have
been or will be disclosed ● the envisaged period for which the
personal data will be stored Furthermore, you have the right to
obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note
that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade
secrets. 2) The right to object You have the right to object
to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your
particular situation when the data are processed based on the
balancing-of interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article
21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there
is compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your
interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You have the right
to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing
purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data
for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise
this right, your user license to use the Service will cease
automatically. 3) Right to rectification and erasure You
have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article
16 of the GDPR. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal
data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17
of the GDPR: ● the personal data are no longer necessary in
relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise
processed, ● if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no
other legal grounds for the processing, ● if you have objected to
the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the
processing, ● the personal data have to be erased for compliance
with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law, ● the
personal data have been unlawfully processed or ● the personal
data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society
services. Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if
the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. 4) Right to
withdraw consent You have the right to obtain restriction of
processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you
have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your
consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim
or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest the right
to withdraw consent. If we have asked for your consent to our processing
of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time,
see Article 7 of the GDPR. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease
processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we
have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data. Please note
that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the Services
will cease automatically. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect
the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its
withdrawal. 5) The right to data portability You have the
right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we
process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and
have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the
processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20
of the GDPR.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
at chametservice@gmail.com. Any personally identifiable information
provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy
will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and
consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Date
This privacy policy was posted on October1, 2019.