MeetMe Terms and ConditionsJump to Privacy PolicyVirginia Residents: Jump to Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act Privacy NoticeComplianceTerms of ServiceUpdated as of June 10, 2021 California subscribers: You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. If you subscribed using an External Service (e.g., Apple ID, Google Play), you must cancel through your External Service. If you subscribed through your Apple ID, refunds are handled by Apple, not MeetMe. You can request a refund from Apple through your Apple ID account on your phone or at https://getsupport.apple.com. All other users may request a refund by contacting MeetMe Member Services at support@themeetgroup.com, or by mailing or delivering a signed and dated notice that states that you, the buyer, are canceling this agreement, or words of similar effect. Please also include your name and the email address, phone number, or other unique identifier you used to sign up for your account. This notice shall be sent to: The Meet Group, Attn: Cancellations, 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, USA. The Company's business is conducted, in part, at 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, USA. You may have these terms of use e-mailed to you by sending a letter to MeetMe Terms Inquiries, 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, USA. In accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at Consumer Information Division, 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
MeetMe is owned and operated by The Meet Group, Inc. If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Service (TOS), please contact us at support@themeetgroup.com.
By downloading or using MeetMe you agree to these TOS, our Privacy Policy, and OUR Content and Conduct Policy. The Privacy Policy and the Content and Conduct Policy are each part of these TOS.
If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use MeetMe. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from children under age 13. General WE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON OUR MEMBERS.
YOU CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMERCIAL E-MAIL, TEXT, SMS AND OTHER MESSAGES FROM US, AND AGREE THAT WE MAY USE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF INITIATING COMMERCIAL MESSAGES. Receiving these communications is a condition of using MeetMe and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them.
We reserve the right to change these TOS at any time. You are responsible to keep yourself apprised of any such changes. If we make any material change to the TOS, we will provide you with a Notice when you open MeetMe. If you object to any terms and conditions of the TOS or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with MeetMe in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of MeetMe after we post revised TOS means that you agree to the revisions.
You must be at least 18 years old to download MeetMe. By requesting to use, or using MeetMe, you represent and warrant that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity.
MeetMe is free, but your Internet provider’s or mobile operator’s fees and rates may still apply.
Keep your password private and secure, and always remember to log off of MeetMe at the end of each session.
You are solely liable and responsible for your interactions with other users. We reserve the right to monitor disputes between you and other users, but we have no obligation to do so.
MeetMe is for your personal use only and you may not use it for any other purpose. You may not use MeetMe in connection with any commercial activity. Companies and other organizations may not become members of MeetMe nor use MeetMe without our express prior approval. We reserve the right to investigate any suspected unauthorized uses of MeetMe and we may take action in our sole discretion, including without limitation seeking legal, civil, criminal, or injunctive relief.
We may establish general practices and limits concerning use of MeetMe, including without limitation the number of days that we retain Content, the number and size of posts and messages you may send or receive, and the space we allot on our servers for your use. We have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content. We may terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. No Spam Policy You may not engage in any activity involving spam on MeetMe. Violations of this policy may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any spammer. Accordingly, you may not upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available junk mail, commercial advertisements, or any other form of commercial solicitation on MeetMe. Violations of this policy could subject you or your agents to civil and criminal penalties. Safety and SecurityWE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON OUR MEMBERS. We reserve the right, however, to conduct any criminal background check we deem appropriate, at any time and using available public records. BY AGREEING TO THESE TOS, YOU HEREBY AUTHORIZE ANY SUCH CHECK.
We care about your safety and have created a resource to help you use MeetMe. Please visit http://www.themeetgroup.com/safety-practices for important tips to help you stay safe online. Content By Content we mean all data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, artwork, video, pictures, images, posts, broadcasts, messages or other materials of any kind, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted. Your Content is your sole responsibility. You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to publish all of your Content. Except as set forth in our Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for any Content that you upload or transmit on MeetMe. We do not control the posted Content and, as such, we do not control its accuracy, integrity, quality or any other aspect. Under no circumstances are we liable in any way for any Content, including but not limited to any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content.
You hereby grant us a perpetual, assignable, world-wide, royalty free, sub-licensable and non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, record, modify, adapt, process, combine, synchronize, create derivative works from, publish, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (including your user name and likeness) on MeetMe and elsewhere in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed) for any promotional and other commercial purpose, whether by us, our partners or other third parties, in our sole discretion.
This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve MeetMe and to make Content submitted to or through MeetMe available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by us, or other companies, organizations or individuals, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through MeetMe.
We may use your feedback, comments and suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them. We may continue to use and make available any and all Content and we will continue to have all of these rights even if your account is terminated.
You acknowledge and agree that we do not promise to screen Content, but that we have the right to do so. We have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or that we find objectionable. You accept liability associated with the use of any Content, including but not limited to your reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
You may not reproduce, republish, further distribute or publicly exhibit any Content on MeetMe that is not yours. Subscriptions and Virtual CurrencySubscriptions You may purchase a subscription product (such as MeetMe+) in various packages, such as one-month, three-month, or six-month subscriptions. For all mobile subscriptions, payment will be charged to your iTunes or Google account when you confirm your purchase. Your subscription will renew automatically for the same amount of time as your original subscription unless you switch off the auto-renew feature at least 24 hours before the end of your current subscription. This is because your account may be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of your current subscription period. You can manage your subscription and switch off auto-renewal by accessing your iTunes or Google account settings. You may not cancel your current subscription during the subscription period, although you may cancel automatic renewal at any time.
Both Apple and Google facilitate “free trials” of subscription products (such as MeetMe+) for first-time users and we take advantage of that ability. For example, from time to time we offer a free initial week to first-time MeetMe+ subscribers. Eligibility for any such trial is limited to users who have not previously subscribed to MeetMe+, through either a current or prior MeetMe account. If you are a previous MeetMe+ subscriber and try to claim a free trial, you should be aware that Apple or Google may recognize your ineligibility. If so, you may not receive a free trial, but instead may be charged immediately for your first subscription month. This is a feature controlled by the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, depending on which platform you use for MeetMe.
Purchases of Subscriptions are non-refundable and non-transferable, even if they expire or are discontinued. We may change the purchase price for Subscriptions at any time, as well as the features included in Subscriptions. We reserve the right to stop issuing Subscriptions at any time and to set expiration dates for Subscriptions. Subscriptions may not be redeemed for any sum of money or monetary value. If you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason, you will lose all unused Subscription time without refund or other compensation. Virtual Currency and Gifts When you purchase or receive Virtual Currency products such as Credits or Diamonds you do not own them. Instead, you receive a limited right to use them for eligible services and merchandise on MeetMe such as Boost, Spotlight, First Class Chats, and the purchase of virtual Gifts for other users.
You may use Credits to purchase Gifts for other users of our app or other apps which are visible to you. The price for each Gift will be displayed at the point of purchase. Gifts constitute a limited license to access a certain feature on the MeetMe platform when, as, and if allowed by us. All sales of Gifts are final and we do not offer refunds for any purchased Gifts. We are not responsible for repairing or replacing Gifts, or providing you with any credit or refund in the event that we modify, suspend, or terminate the Gift program, or for loss or damage due to any service error, or any other reason.
Purchases of Virtual Currency and Gifts may not be sub-licensed and are non-refundable and non-transferable, even if they expire or are revoked or discontinued. We may change the purchase price for Virtual Currency or Gifts at any time, as well as the ways you can use Virtual Currency and Gifts. We reserve the right to revoke or stop issuing Virtual Currency and Gifts at any time without notice, refund, or compensation, and to set expiration dates for Virtual Currency and Gifts. Virtual Currency and Gifts may not be redeemed for any sum of money or monetary value. If you delete your account or your account is terminated for any reason, you will lose all accumulated Virtual Currency (Credits, Diamonds, etc.) and Gifts without refund or other compensation. You agree that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of our rights with respect to Virtual Currency and Gifts.
Gifts purchased or received by any user do not constitute property and are not transferable. Right to Terminate Subscription You have the right to terminate (or withdraw from) your subscription within fourteen (14) days of acceptance, for any reason. In addition, where required by law, your estate is entitled to claim a refund of the unused portion of your subscription if you die during the term of the subscription.
In order to exercise either of these rights, you (or, if applicable, your estate) must notify us by registered mail at The Meet Group, Inc., 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938, Attention: Member Services, or by email at support@themeetgroup.com.com with a clear declaration of your decision to terminate your subscription.
In order to meet the termination deadline, you should send us notification of your exercise of the right of termination prior to the expiration of the fourteen-day termination period.
If you terminate (or withdraw) from your subscription, we will refund the payments we have received from you, minus any amount of Virtual Currency that you have consumed. If you wish to terminate (or withdraw from) your purchase of Virtual Currency, we will refund the payments we have received from you, minus any amount of Virtual Currency that you have consumed. If you are an Android user, we will use the same means of payment that you used for the original transaction. If you are an iOS, personal computer, or mobile web user, we will refund you by paper check or PayPal if you provide the proper contact information to process these payments. In no case will you be charged for this refund. Our Proprietary Rights MeetMe and the software used in connection with MeetMe contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You may not copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, rent, sell, assign, sublicense, infringe or otherwise transfer or attempt to transfer any rights in the software. You may not modify the software in any manner or form or to use modified versions of the software. You may not access MeetMe by any means other than through an interfaces we provide. We May Contact You You agree that we may communicate with you by email, text messaging, phone or otherwise; usually our communication will relate to administrative, security and other issues relating to MeetMe, including invitations to participate in promotional activities, newsletters and other communications. We may include in our communications advertisements and other third party promotional materials, campaigns and tools. Receiving these communications is a condition of your use of MeetMe, and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. You may, however, block all communication from us by deleting your MeetMe account. Availability of Service We may at any time and from time to time modify, restrict or discontinue MeetMe or any part of MeetMe, temporarily or permanently, with or without notice. We are not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of MeetMe.
We may without prior warning or subsequent notice terminate your account and access to MeetMe for any or no reason. We may decide to terminate your account for a number of different reasons, including without limitation (i) if you violate or fail to comply with the TOS, the Privacy Policy or other related agreements or guidelines, (ii) if you provide false information during registration or in your profile, (iii) if you do not use MeetMe for an extended period of time, (iv) by request of law enforcement or other government agencies, (v) for discontinuance or changes made to MeetMe or any part thereof, or (vi) technical or security issues or problems. We will make all termination decisions in our sole discretion and we will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account or access to your Content or MeetMe. Dealings With Advertisers Your correspondence or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through MeetMe, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the advertiser. We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort caused or alleged to be caused in connection with any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on MeetMe. We will not be liable to you for any failure by an advertiser to provide any service or product you ordered from it. Third Party Links MeetMe may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites or resources. We have no control over such sites and resources and we are not responsible for their availability. We do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further agree that we will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss of any sort caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. Disclaimer of Warranties YOU USE MEETME AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE MEETME ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM OR THROUGH US SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT MEETME WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT MEETME WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (1) MEETME WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (2) MEETME WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (3) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF MEETME WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (4) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH MEETME WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (5) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH MEETME IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR OR ANOTHERS’ DEVICE OR COMPUTER OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. Limitation of Liability YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE CANNOT CONTROL THE CONDUCT OF MEETME’S USERS AND THEREFORE CANNOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY HARM THEY MAY CAUSE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), AND INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION RESULTING FROM: (1) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE MEETME; (2) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM MEETME; (3) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (4) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON MEETME; OR (5) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO MEETME.
OTHER USERS OF MEETME WITH WHOM YOU ASSOCIATE, CONNECT, INTERACT AND/OR SHARE CONTENT COULD USE YOUR CONTENT AND/OR LIKENESS IN A MANNER YOU DISLIKE, DISAPPROVE OF OR OTHERWISE FIND OFFENSIVE. HOWEVER, YOU AGREE NOT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR DEMANDS AGAINST US IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH USE OR ACTIVITIES, WHETHER SUCH USE OR ACTIVITIES ARE AUTHORIZED BY THESE TOS OR NOT.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OFFENSIVE, INAPPROPRIATE, OBSCENE, UNLAWFUL OR OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU MAY ENCOUNTER ON MEETME. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OR ANY USER OF MEETME.
WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOST OR DELETED INFORMATION OR DATA, WHETHER INTENTIONAL OR UNINTENTIONAL, NOR FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY USER COMMUNICATIONS OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, AND TO THE EXTENT THAT A JUDGMENT IS RENDERED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION DISREGARDING ONE OR MORE OF THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIABILITY LIMITATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE DOLLAR ($1.00). Exclusions and Limitations SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE WARRANTY LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, OUR WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Indemnity YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US AND OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND OTHER PARTNERS, HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEYS' FEES, THAT WE (OR THE OTHER INDEMNITEES) MAY INCUR RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACTIONS AND/OR ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT YOU SUBMIT, POST, TRANSMIT OR MAKE AVAILABLE THROUGH MEETME, YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF MEETME, YOUR CONNECTION TO MEETME, YOUR VIOLATION OF THE TOS, YOUR TRANSMISSION OF OTHER USERS’ INFORMATION OR CONTENT, OR YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF ANOTHER. Disputes and Arbitration You agree that any dispute relating in any way to these TOS or MeetMe, including without limitation your or third parties’ access to or use of MeetMe, will be resolved by binding arbitration as discussed below and not through litigation in any court (except in small claims court if the claim is within the court’s jurisdiction and proceeds on an individual basis). Claims are subject to arbitration, regardless of what theory they are based on or whether they seek legal or equitable remedies. Arbitration applies to any and all such claims or disputes, whether they arose in the past, may currently exist, or may arise in the future. This arbitration agreement is entered into pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§1-16 (FAA).
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IF YOU TELL US WITHIN 60 DAYS OF YOUR FIRST DOWNLOAD OR USE OF MEETME THAT YOU WANT TO OPT OUT. IF YOU WANT TO OPT OUT, SEND A WRITTEN NOTICE ADVISING US OF YOUR DECISION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION, YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO HAVE A DISPUTE HEARD BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY, OR OTHERWISE TO BE DECIDED BY A COURT OR GOVERNMENTAL TRIBUNAL.
YOU AGREE NOT TO (1) SEEK TO PROCEED ON ANY CLAIM IN ARBITRATION AS A CLASS CLAIM OR CLASS ACTION OR OTHER COMPARABLE REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; (2) SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE IN ARBITRATION ANY CLAIMS INVOLVING SEPARATE CLAIMANTS; (3) BE PART OF, OR BE REPRESENTED IN, ANY CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION BROUGHT BY ANYONE ELSE; NOR (4) SEEK ANY AWARD OR REMEDY IN ARBITRATION AGAINST OR ON BEHALF OF ANYONE WHO IS NOT A NAMED PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION. IF THESE TERMS RELATING TO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEDURES ARE LEGALLY UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WILL BE INAPPLICABLE TO THAT CLAIM, AND THAT CLAIM WILL INSTEAD BE HANDLED THROUGH LITIGATION IN COURT RATHER THAN BY ARBITRATION. NO ARBITRATOR SHALL HAVE AUTHORITY TO ENTERTAIN ANY CLAIM ON BEHALF OF A PERSON WHO IS NOT A NAMED PARTY, NOR SHALL ANY ARBITRATOR HAVE AUTHORITY TO MAKE ANY AWARD FOR THE BENEFIT OF, OR AGAINST, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A NAMED PARTY.
Arbitration under these TOS and the Privacy Policy shall be conducted by a single arbitrator under the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or JAMS, at the election of the party filing a claim in arbitration. That organization will apply its rules in effect at the time the arbitration claim is filed. If there is a conflict between those rules and this arbitration provision, this arbitration provision and the TOS will control. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any current or future such rules or governing law, the arbitrator shall have no power to vary the terms of the TOS or to award either party attorneys’ fees. In the event that JAMS or the AAA is unable to handle the arbitration for any reason, then the matter shall be arbitrated by a neutral arbitrator selected by agreement of the parties, pursuant to the AAA rules of procedure.
The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
We will pay any costs that are required to be paid by us under the arbitration administrator’s rules. Even if not otherwise required, we will reimburse you up to $500 for any initial arbitration filing fees that you have paid. We will also pay any fees of the arbitrator and the arbitration administrator for the first two days of any hearing. If you win the arbitration, we will reimburse you for any fees you paid to the arbitration organization and/or arbitrator. All other fees will be allocated according to the arbitration administrator’s rules and applicable law. If you are unable to afford any fees that you would otherwise be required to pay, you may request us to pay or reimburse them, and we will consider your request.
Rules and forms for filing an arbitration claim can be found at www.jamsadr.com or www.adr.org. Arbitration hearings will take place in the federal judicial district that includes your address at the time the arbitration is filed. Permitted Time For Filing A Claim or Lawsuit Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of MeetMe or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. How To Make Claims Of Copyright Or Other Intellectual Property Infringement We respect the intellectual property of others and ask our users to do the same. We may, in our sole discretion, disable or terminate the accounts of users whom we believe may be infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide us with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located;your address, telephone number, and email address;a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; anda statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf. Please provide claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement to us at copyright@themeetgroup.com. We will consider the information you provide and other information we may obtain, and we may remove Content that we determine may infringe on your rights in our sole discretion. Miscellaneous You may not use MeetMe where prohibited by law, and you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. These TOS are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to conflicts of laws principles. Our failure or delay to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found to be invalid by an arbitrator or pursuant to the disputes section above or a court of competent jurisdiction, you nevertheless agree that the arbitrator or court should endeavor to give effect to our intentions as reflected in these TOS. The other provisions of the TOS shall remain in full force and effect.
These TOS were written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls. Deleting Your Account You can delete your account by going to Settings and clicking the tab to delete your account. Our Contact InformationIf you have questions regarding these Terms of Service, please contact us.Address: The Meet Group, Inc.100 Union Square Drive New Hope, PA 18938Att’n: Legal DepartmentWeb:www.themeetgroup.comPhone:215-862-7832Email:support@themeetgroup.comPrivacy PolicyUpdated as of June 10, 2021 MEETME (“MeetMe” or the “Service”) is owned and operated by The Meet Group, Inc. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@themeetgroup.com.
By downloading or using our Service you agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
When you create a profile on MeetMe, your personal information may be visible also to users of Skout, and may be visible to users of other applications we own (such as Flurv, Boy Ahoy and others) or with which we may partner. You may opt out of this feature for your profile in your Settings tab. Similarly, when you use the Live tab, you may be visible to users of other applications we own (such as Flurv, Boy Ahoy and others) or with which we may partner. For a list of our current Live partners, click here. You may not opt out of this feature if you choose to use Live.
If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use MeetMe. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell information from minors under 18. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell personal information from children under age 13. I. What This Privacy Policy Covers This Privacy Policy describes how our mobile applications, websites and products collect, store, use, and share your personal information. It also describes how you can control and protect your privacy on our Service.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, such as companies that advertise on our Service or with whom we partner for certain services, such as Live. For example, companies that advertise on our Service may tag your device or computer with cookies. We do not control these third party cookies and their privacy policies may differ from ours. II. Controlling and Protecting Your PrivacyPersonal Safety. After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or her in-person. If so, be careful and use common sense. Never meet someone in private for the first time; choose a public place, and take a friend. For more information about staying safe, please visit https://www.themeetgroup.com/safety-meet-group/.Account Settings. You can your account settings at any time in the setting page of the website or mobile app. You should review these settings regularly. Deleting Your Account. You can edit or delete information that you upload to our Service and you can delete your account, but you cannot recall or delete information that others have copied. When you delete your account, some or all of your information may remain on our servers, but you will not be able to access it. Deleting Your Information and Content. You can request us to delete your posted information and content. To do so, send an email to support@themeetgroup.com from the email address associated with your account, requesting deletion. Location Information. We collect your location when you first register with our Service and each time you log in on a mobile device. In your account settings, you can control whether other users see your log in location, typically identified as a city or as a distance from another user. We may still use your location (such as for security or advertising purposes) even if you choose not to display it to other users.
We do not “track” your precise geolocation information, but we do collect location information from your device or browser when you log in or use our Service, such as when you visit a particular feature that uses location. In addition, as with most location-enabled applications, we and our third-party partners may access your location any time your device is on, whether or not you are logged-in to our Service. We do not share your precise location with other users. Password. Store your password in a safe place, and do not share it with anyone. If you think someone has your password, you should change it immediately. Posting Information. Posting personal information on public areas of our Service will make it publicly available. The personal information you post or share with others may in turn be shared by them with still other users and it may also show up when someone uses a public search engine (even if that person is not a user of our Service). Do not post personal information in public areas of our Service that you want to keep private.Third Parties. We are not responsible for (and don’t have any control over) the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and app you visit. Opting Out of Receiving Cookies. You may set your browser to block some or all cookies. However, our Service might not fully function if you disable cookies. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. Also, if you change devices or computers you will need to repeat this opt-out process. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies from some advertisers.
Many Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. You may click on the following links: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies or Web beacons. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe. Limit Mobile Ad Tracking. You may set your mobile device to limit ad tracking, in which case we will not be able to see your AdID or IDFA. However, we will still share other personal information to our advertising partners as described in this Privacy Policy. Do Not Track Signals. Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals, but there are no uniform standards for this. We do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. III. Information We Collect We collect different types of personal information about you and your activities. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. We do not collect personal information from you on the website or mobile app unless you are logged onto our service. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant to be exhaustive. Categories of Information We Collect When You Use Our Website and App:Email Address And Phone Number. We may require a valid email address or phone number to register for our Service. This email will be stored in our servers while you have an account with any of our Services. We will use this email address to contact you, but you may opt out of promotional email contact in the Settings tab. We may use your phone number to verify your account, but will generally not otherwise contact you by phone. Profile Information You Provide. We collect the personal information that you provide to create your profile on our Service, including any metadata (such as location where a photo you upload was taken). Automatically Collected Device Information. We receive and record information from your device or browser, including your mobile device identification (AdID (Google), IDFA (Apple), device ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location. We collect information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Services, and we combine this information across different devices you use. Unless you have disabled location collection at the device level, we will continue to collect location information even if you have opted out of sharing location information on your profile.Activity and Usage Information Including Your Content We collect information about the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and your transactions with us and with our partners and vendors, including information about your use of products or features offered through our Service. We and certain third-party partners may access your private chats and postings in order to improve your experience on our Service, for content moderation, for safety and legal process purposes.Third Party Platform Registration (such as Facebook, Apple App Store or Google Play Store). When you download or register for our Service by or through a third party platform we may also access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform account or by cookies placed on your device by such third party site. For example, if you create your account on our Service using Facebook, we may use the following information from Facebook to establish your account: your email address, hometown, gender, profile photo, date of birth, friends list and userID. In addition, in the course of providing our Service on third party platforms, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, the platforms may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for that platform to provide and analyze their services. Please note that these platforms are developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with us or any of our Services and that we are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms that you use to access our Service.Advertisers. Advertising revenue helps us to support and improve our Services. Third party advertising companies may collect information using cookies, AdID, IDFA and other sources. Advertisers may use these and other sources in connection with our Service in order to collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising. To view a list of our current main ad partners, click here. 33Across, AdColony, Adview, AppLovin, AppNexus, Chartboost, Cheetah Mobile, Chocolate, Cox Media, EMX Digital, Exponential, Facebook Audience Network, Fyber, Google, Groundtruth, Harren Media, Hooked Media, HyperMX, Index Exchange, InMobi, ironSource, Kiip, Liftoff, Live Intent, LKQD, MobFox, Mobile Fuse, Mobvista, MoPub, Oath, OpenX, PubNative, PulsePoint, RhythmOne, Rubicon, Smaato, Sonobi, Sovrn, StartApp, Streamkey, Sublime Skinz, Taboola, TapJoy, Unity, Verve, Viant, Vungle, Woobi, YouAppi, Zedo and zPlay. Biometric Information Collected with Your Consent for Limited Purposes. We do not generally collect biometric information from users. However, in certain circumstances, we may ask you to consent to our processing biometric information and identifiers to fight fraudulent accounts (including bots) and other misuse of our Services, to increase the safety and integrity of the Services, and as described here.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as other services and other users of our Service. IV. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you request, (ii) when you provide your explicit consent, (iii) for our legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and records, securing and protecting the integrity of our Service, and for Service development; and (iv) to meet applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, we use and disclose your information in the following ways: To customize your experience on our Service, including suggestions about features you may enjoy or people you may want to meet.To provide customer service in response to questions or concerns you may bring to our attention.For marketing purposes. We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information, in order to allow our marketing partners to optimize our ad campaigns. For advertising purposes. We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age, gender, parental status, relationship status, religion, education, and ethnicity), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads. For research. To conduct research, including the numbers and types of visitors, and analyze traffic on our Service. We share some user data with companies we do not own to conduct this research.For development and testing. To develop and test new products and features, and improve our current ones, including by conducting surveys of our users, which might be conducted with or by companies we do not own.Bug fixes and product improvement. To find and fix technology problems. We send data to companies we do not own in order to analyze bugs in our websites and apps so that we can keep them running smoothly.Policy enforcement. To enforce our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We send data to companies we do not own for the following reasons: to verify accounts and activity;combat harmful conduct, such as abusive behavior and other violations of our Terms of Service and our Content and Conduct Policy;detect and prevent spam;detect and prevent fraud;maintain the integrity of our Service; andpromote safety and security on our Service, such as monitoring for illegal activity and reporting to the appropriate authorities.Contacting you. To contact you by email, text messaging, phone, autodialer or otherwise, including to invite you to participate in surveys and contests, and provide you updates and information about the Service and our other products and services. You can opt out of receiving promotional email, text messages or push notifications at any time in the Settings tab. Profile display and sharing. To display your profile on other websites and applications that we own, such as Skout, BoyAhoy, and Flurv. You may opt-out of having your profile shared on other applications in the Settings tab. Live videos will still be visible to users of Skout or other partner apps even if you have opted out of having your profile shared.Cookies and mobile ad identification. We may set and access cookies or use AdID or IDFA information on your device or computer to customize your experience. These files help us with the following: Authentication: Cookies are used to keep you logged into our site as you navigate through different pages.Analytics and performance: We use cookies to analyze platform performance and monitor how our visitors use the site. These help us to identify and fix bugs, understand and improve our services, and research and test new features.Advertising: We use cookies and your AdID and IDFA to deliver relevant ads to you. Our ad partners use cookies to deliver relevant ads and monitor how you interacted with an ad.Cooperation with law enforcement. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We report threats of violence or self-harm and other illegal activities proactively, and we may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials in order to: (1) protect the safety and security of our users and members of the public or (2) satisfy subpoenas, court orders, or other governmental requests.Business transfers. We may share your personal information with another business entity in connection with a proposed or actual sale, assignment, merger or transfer of all or part of our business or the acquisition of all or part of another business. In such cases, we would require any such business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.Management of our company. We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyone’s personal information. Service providers. We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting research and surveys. These partners agree to adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.Advertisers. We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. To achieve this purpose, our partners may use the shared information (i) to evaluate the nature of the connection across your devices, browsers, or applications; (ii) to assess the suitability of your desktop or mobile device for interest- or demographic-based content; (iii) to provide information and inferences about user interests to third parties; and (iv) to develop insights and reports relating to the presentation of customized advertisements or content, including statistical reports in connection with activity on a website, optimization of ad placement and performance, development of reach and frequency metrics, billing activities, and tracking ads served on a particular day to a particular account. Our partners may also combine shared information with additional non-identifying information collected from other sources to enhance these activities.Personal Information We Do Not Share. Except for “Cooperation with Law Enforcement,” “Business Transfers” and “Service Providers” (all described above), in connection with account verification (and then only for that purpose), or to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, we do not share the following personal information with any third party not owned by The Meet Group, Inc. for any reason: your exact date of birthyour first nameyour last nameyour biometric information (see “Biometric Information Collected with Your Consent for Limited Purposes” above)your addressyour phone number(s), oryour email addressV. Data Security and Storage We use industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. We will store and maintain your personal information for as long as necessary (i) for the purposes for which it was collected, (ii) to meet our current and future legal obligations, including compliance with our records retention practices, and (iii) as permitted to meet our legitimate interests. Our Service is hosted in the United States and we maintain your information in the United States and elsewhere on the cloud. If you are outside the United States, you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data. A copy of these safeguards may be made available by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Information section below. VI. Access to Your Personal Information If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, please contact support@themeetgroup.com. In order to protect the data of others, requests will only be honored that come from the email used to set up your account on our Service. VII. Deletion of Your Personal Information You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. You may request to have all your personal information deleted by contacting support@themeetgroup.com. We will comply with all deletion requests to the extent permissible by law and will not delete data that we are legally required to maintain (such as data subject to a current and valid preservation order or transaction data required for audit or substantiation purposes). VIII. California Resident RightsNotice of Right to Know About Information Collected. California residents have the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. Alternatively, you may call us toll free at 866-217-8131. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request. Please be advised that we are only required to respond to two requests per user each year. These reports will be provided free of charge.Notice of Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information. If you are a California resident and a registered user of the Service, you may request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com. Alternatively, you may call us toll free at 866-217-8131. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request.Notice of Right to Opt Out of the “Sale” of Personal Information. California residents have the right to request that we not sell their personal information to third parties, as those terms are defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.140. In the mobile app, this can be done by clicking on the “Do Not Sell My Info” link on the settings page. On the web, this can be done by clicking the link on the landing page or here . Users must be logged on to use the mobile or web links. Alternatively, you may request that we stop selling your personal information by contacting support@themeetgroup.com. In the past twelve months, we have “sold” the following personal information of users for the purpose of delivering customized advertising to our users: Location, Advertising ID, Gender, AgeNondiscrimination. We will not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.Authorized Agent. California residents may use an authorized agent to make requests on their behalf. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California resident’s written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California resident. In addition to providing this proof, the authorized agent must follow the appropriate process described above to make a request.California Shine the Light Law. Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send. To obtain this information, please contact us by mail at Member Services, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938 or by email at support@themeetgroup.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.Our California Do Not Track Notice. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about that user’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different apps or web sites when you use our Service.IX. Nevada Privacy Rights We do not sell consumers’ covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell your personal information. To submit such a request, please contact us using the contact details in the “Our Contact Information” section below.X. European Economic Area ResidentsIf you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion, restrict processing, object to processing, or request porting of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at support@themeetgroup.com. Please see sections VI and VII above for more information.You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. You can manage your account settings and email marketing preferences in the Settings section. Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent (such as for advertising), then you can withdraw your consent at any time in the Settings section. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Please note that if you opt-out of having your data shared with advertisers, you will still see ads, they just will not be tailored to your interests.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.X. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new or changed features and services, changes in the law, or changes in our use or collection of personal information. We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy so you can tell when there has been a change. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Service or The Meet Group, Inc. in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of our Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy means that you agree to the revisions. XI. LanguageThis Privacy Policy was written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls.Our Contact InformationOur Data Protection Officer:ePrivacy GmbH represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer Große Bleichen 21 20354 Hamburg For all requests concerning the security of your data, please contact our data protection officer at privacy@themeetgroup.com.If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer via postal mail, as email communication cannot be guaranteed to be secure.If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us. If you are located in the European Union we are the controller of your personal information.Mail: The Meet Group, Inc.100 Union Square Drive New Hope, PA 18938Attn: Legal DepartmentWeb:www.themeetgroup.comEmail:support@themeetgroup.comThe Meet Group, IncVirginia Consumer Data Protection Act-- Privacy NoticeLast Updated: December 29, 2022 The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) grants residents of the State of Virginia (“consumers”) certain rights regarding their Personal Data. This Notice (the “VCDPA Notice”) supplements the TMG Privacy Policy and applies to the Personal Data of consumers that is collected and/or processed by or on behalf of The Meet Group, Inc. (“TMG”). All capitalized terms herein have the meanings given in the VCDPA or the Privacy Policy.
In the event of any conflict between this VCDPA Notice and the Privacy Policy, the provision that is more protective of your Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this VCDPA Notice or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at support@themeetgroup.com with the subject line “Virginia Privacy Request.”
1. Your Rights Under VCDPA The VCDPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Data. TMG will usually be the controller of your Personal Data. If TMG is acting as a processor of your Personal Data on behalf of another controller, please contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance regarding your rights under the VCDPA.
A. Right to Know About Your Personal Data You have the right to request that we disclose the following kinds of information to you about our processing of your Personal Information: Whether or not we process your Personal Information.The categories of Personal Data we process; we process the categories of Personal Data from or about consumers and their devices that are referenced in Section III of the Privacy Policy.The purpose for processing your Personal Information; we process the categories of Personal Data listed above for the purposes referenced in Section IV of the Privacy Policy.The categories of Personal Data that we share with third parties; we share the categories of Personal Data referenced in Section IV of the Privacy Policy with third parties.The categories of third parties with whom we share your Personal Information; we share your Personal Data with the third-party recipients referenced in Section IV of the Privacy PolicyB. Right to Data Portability You have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. If you would like to obtain a copy of your Personal Data that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format, please contact us as described in Section 2 below.
C. Right to Request Deletion You may have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information. We will honor such request but might not be able to fulfill your request if we (or our service providers) are required to retain your Personal Information. Examples of such exceptions are: Completing a transaction or performing a contract we have with you;Complying with our audit and substantiation purpose for transaction data;Detecting and addressing data security incidents, and repairing or upkeep of our IT systems;Complying with applicable law or a legal obligation, such as a preservation order, exercising rights under the law (e.g., the right to free speech), or defending legal claims; orUsing your Personal Data internally to improve our Services.D. Right to Request Correction You may have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you. We will honor such request but might not be able to fulfill your request if it is impossible to do so or would involve disproportionate effort, or if we have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to correct is fraudulent or abusive. E. Your Opt-Out Rights You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Data for purposes of: Targeted AdvertisingSale of your Personal Information (for monetary consideration as defined under the VCDPA)Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer If you wish to exercise any of your opt-out rights, please contact us as set out in Section 2 below. 2. Exercising Your VCDPA Rights To exercise the rights described above, please submit a request to us by using one of the following methods: Call us at: 844-534-1340Email us at: support@themeetgroup.com To fulfill your request, we may need you to (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorized representative; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data related to you.
We will confirm receipt of your request within then (10) business days of its receipt, and endeavor to respond within forty-five (45) calendar days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will notify you of the extension and provide an explanation of the reason for the extension in writing, and we will provide you with a response no later than ninety (90) calendar days of receipt of the request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We may charge a reasonable fee to process or respond to your requests if they are excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for this decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
If TMG declines your request, you have the right to appeal within a reasonable period of time after you have received notice of this decision You may appeal by contacting us through one or more of the methods set out in Section 4. We will get back to you within 60 days of receipt of an appeal and inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision. If we deny the appeal, we will provide you with a method through which you may contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint. 3. Changes to this VCDPA Notice This VCDPA Notice is effective as of the date of the Last Update stated at the top of this VCDPA Notice. We may change this VCDPA Notice from time to time with or without notice to you. By visiting or accessing the Websites or the Services, or otherwise engaging or interacting with us after we make any such changes to this VCDPA Notice, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing, our use of your Personal Data is governed by the VCDPA Notice in current effect. Please refer back to this VCDPA Notice on a regular basis. 4. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this VCDPA Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under Virginia law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Email: support@themeetgroup.comPhone: 844-534-1340Mail: Member Apps, The Meet Group, Inc. 100 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938ComplianceRegulation (EU) 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a Single Market For Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC (Digital Services Act) Monthly Active Users in the European Union pursuant to the Digital Services Act: 125,384Whistleblower System/ German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (SCDDA) Responsible action requires an attitude and thrives on continuity. For this, we have a set of values that we want to live as a subsidiary of the ProSiebenSat.1 Group. We have a social responsibility and take it very seriously - especially through our demand for compliant behavior in daily business. Information on our Compliance Management System as a subsidiary of ProSiebenSat.1 Group can be found here. You can also reach our whistleblower system via this link, particularly in connection with the German Supply Chain Sourcing Obligations Act (LKSG).