Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Contact us
Privacy & Security
The website tubit.com (the “Website”), the application Tubit (the
“App”) and any related features (hereinafter, the “Services”,
“Tubit”, or “We”) value the privacy of all of our users. We have
established this Privacy Policy to show commitment to these rights
and to safeguard your privacy. If you use our website, application
or services, we urge you to read this Privacy Policy and become
fully informed about how it affects your personal privacy. Please
refer to this Privacy Policy to find out how to contact us if you
have any questions about the content.
Privacy Policy
Types of personal data collected
The use of the personal data
The grounds for the processing the personal data
The sharing of the personal data
Age restriction
Retention time and deletion of personal data
Data Subject rights
Push Messages, Promotional emails
Security
Right to lodge a complaint
Changes to this privacy policy
Data controller contact information
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) was designed to help you
understand the information we collect, store, use and share.
It applies whenever you visit our Website, our App, or
otherwise use or access our Services.
You are not legally required to provide us with any Personal
Information, but we need it to provide you with the full range
of the best experience of using our Services.
You should always understand the privacy policies of any
website when supplying information during your use.
Types of personal data collected
We collect personal data when you use or register on Tubit. It
is possible to browse our website without registering, but you
must register to use certain features and services we offer.
Registration information
Providing your Name, Surname, date of birth and email address
is a prerequisite for concluding the contract; otherwise, we
cannot offer you access to the Service. By registering for our
Service, you will provide and share your personal data with
other users. Anyone can see something public. For example,
your name, status “live”, photo, number of followers, and
number of diamonds earned.
This personal data is available to the public to help connect
you with other website users.
During registration via Apple (“Sign in with Apple”)
If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple
permission to share your Apple login, name (you can edit
that), surname and email. This email address will be linked to
your Tubit account and used to retrieve your Tubit account.
During registration via Google
When you sign in with your Google account, you will permit
Google to share your name, surname, photo, email, birthday and
gender with us. This email address will be linked to your
Tubit account and used to retrieve your Tubit account.
During registration via Facebook
When you sign in to our Service using your Facebook account,
you permit Facebook to share your name, surname, email,
birthday, gender and profile picture with us.
We will use personal data to form your Tubit account. If you
remove the Tubit app from your Facebook settings or your Apple
ID, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we
will still have the personal data we received when you first
set up your Tubit account using your Facebook or Apple ID (you
must delete your Tubit account entirely for us to no longer
have access to this data).
Personal data you provide us when you use our services or
register for an account with us:
we collect data about you when you register an account,
create or change your profile, set preferences, register or
make purchases through the Services. This personal data
could include the following: name, photo, date of birth and
other information to your profile information, your contact
and transaction data.
we collect and store content you post, send, receive and
share. This content includes any information about you that
you may have: photos, user-to-user communications, chats, or
feedback you provide or when you participate in any
interactive features, surveys, contests or promotions.
we collect data about you when you provide through our
support channels: information regarding a problem you are
experiencing with a Service and any other documentation,
screenshots or information that would help resolve the
issue.
we collect transaction data: payment card details, coins,
method of coins replenishment, transaction date, transaction
ID, provider payment ID, transaction status and other
information.
Personal data we collect automatically and generate when you
use our services or register for an account with us:
we collect data about your visit and your interaction with
our services. This information includes the features you
use, how you interact with other users, status, registration
date, coins bought, date of last payment and use of
services, and other information.
we collect data about the devices you use to access the
Services. This device information includes your connection
type and settings when installing, accessing, updating, or
using our Services. We also collect information through your
device about your operating system, browser type, IP
address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers,
device model, manufacturer, User agent, platform, Software
Development Kit version, User ID, time stamp Developer Key,
application version, in-app events, and network status
(WiFi/3G), Login source, application use, if the profile is
linked to Apple/Google, crash data, and others information.
We use your IP address, GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals
and/or country preference in order your location. How much
of this information we collect depends on the type and
settings of the device you use to access the Services.
we use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., device
identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to
recognise you. For more information, please see the Cookies
Policy, which includes controlling or opting out of these
cookies and tracking technologies.
Personal data we collect from the third party:
We receive information about you from service providers, which
include financial services vendors (provide data for
contesting transactions), marketing providers (give tags on
the company and advertising activity), third-party
communication applications (provide your public profile data
in their apps), third party social network or login service
(such as Google, Apple, Facebook).
We receive information about you from other users when they
provide us with information about you, including through user
support or in connection with claims or disputes.
In addition, you may provide us with your Avatar/Photo,
a personalized graphical illustration that represents you.
Please note that this information is optional; you may choose
not to provide
The use of the personal data
We use your personal data to provide you with our services to
comply with our legal obligations. This includes:
provision to use our Website, App or Service;
verification, moderation, confirmation, and control of your
accounts and your activities on the Website or App;
provision of customer support to contact you regarding your
account, resolve any dispute and respond to your questions
and enquiries;
solutions technical issues, improvements existing and
developing new product features;
promotion of our Website, App or Service;
personalise the user experience and allow us to deliver the
type of content and product offerings in which you are most
interested;
Solution of security issues;
ordering virtual goods;
process your payments and chargebacks;
provision of marketing information and special offers, and
different kinds of notifications;
analytics, monitor and measure the performance of our
marketing and advertising campaigns.
“push messages” from us within the app, even when you are
not currently using the app. These will either contain
messages that we send you as part of our Service, or they
may contain advertising information.
The grounds for the processing the personal data
Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal data,
as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the data we
collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Under
Data protection laws, we must tell you our lawful basis for
using your data. Please see that in the table below.
Purpose of processing
Data
Source
Legal basis
To provide you with the Tubit service
Name, Surname and email address
You provide your name and email address, or we receive
from Facebook, Google or Apple
To perform a contract
To facilitate networking opportunities
Photo (optional, you may choose not to provide)
You provide to us or via Facebook, Google, Apple
Legitimate interest - to facilitate networking
opportunities
For age verification
Date of birth
You provide us, or via Facebook, Google, Apple
Legitimate interest - to verify that You are not a
child, minor or anyone under 18
For identity verification and authentification purposes,
prevent fraud and ensure the safety and security of
Users
Email, password or third-party social media
authentication
You provide us, or via Facebook, Google, Apple
Legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests
to ensure that accounts are not set up fraudulently and
to safeguard site users.
To take payments from you for services
Payment card details
You provide us
To perform a contract
To allow our Advertising Partners to serve targeted
advertisements
Advertising identifier associated with your device
(Device ID), age and IP address
We obtain your age from you or via Facebook, Google, or
Apple, and the Device ID and the IP address from the
device that you use to access the service
Consent - as indicated by you in your Cookie Settings
preferences and via your browser or device privacy
preferences
To serve advertisements to our Service users on
third-party networks and measure the effectiveness of
such ads
Data about your visit to our Service and action took on
those
We obtain information from the device or browser that
you use to access the Service
Consent - as indicated by you in your Cookie Settings
preferences and via your browser or device privacy
preferences
To send you marketing information about our events,
offers and services
Name, email address
You provide us
Consent (including soft-in)
To respond to correspondence and queries that you submit
to us
Email address, IP address
You provide us
Legitimate interests - our legitimate interest is to
respond to your requests to ensure quality user service
and fix problems.
To investigate and block Users for reported
infringements of our Terms of Use
User registration detail and device data
You provide us, and we obtain information from the
device or browser you use to access the Service.
Legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests
to prevent unauthorised behaviour to maintain the safety
and integrity of our services.
To block payment transactions as part of our anti-fraud
procedures
Name, IP address, email address, cardholder name,
payments received, type of payment, user ID, country
You provide your name, email address, and card details
to us. We obtain your IP address from the device that
you use to contact us. We obtain your payment
information from your interactions with our Service.
Legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests
to prevent fraudulent transactions and to maintain the
security of our services
To defend legal claims, protect legal rights and protect
people from harm
This could include any information that is relevant to
the issue
This information may be obtained directly from you, from
your device or third parties,
Legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests
to protect our legal rights, defend
depending on the information involved
legal claims and to protect our Users and third parties
from harm
The sharing of the personal data
We may share the personal data you provide to us with other
users. Your personal data may be transferred if we are
involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale.
We may share the personal data that we collect with:
Affiliate;
our group of companies;
Systems and IT/IS solutions providers;
Hosting providers;
Payment processors;
Fraud prevention partners;
Marketing partners;
Companies through which we purchase and deliver gifts;
Lawyers.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose
your personal data if required to do so by law or in response
to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a
government agency), or it is necessary to detect, prevent and
address fraud and other illegal activity, to protect
ourselves, you and others, including as part of
investigations.
We may share personal data internally within our group of
companies or with third parties for purposes described in this
Privacy Policy. Personal data collected within the European
Economic Area (“EEA”) may, for example, be transferred to
countries outside the EEA. We utilise standard contract
clauses approved by the European Commission to legitimise data
transfers from the EEA to the United States and other
countries.
Data collected by Advertising Partners and other Service
Providers may also be held outside the European Economic Area.
We ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring
that valid legal mechanisms are in place. If you want more
information about the nature of the safeguards we have in
place, please email
dpo@tubit.com.
Age restriction
Children under 18 years of age are not allowed to use our
website, and our services are not targeted at children under
the age of 18. Tubit does not knowingly collect information
about or market to children, minors or anyone under 18. If we
become aware that a child, minor or anyone under 18 has
registered with us and provided us with personal data, we will
terminate that person’s registration and delete their Profile
information from Tubit. If we delete a Profile because
violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and
IP address to ensure you do not try to get around our rules by
creating a new Profile.
Retention time and deletion of personal data
Personal data is retained if you are a contract or consent
duration party. In addition, we will retain and use your
information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your
data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and
enforce our legal agreements and policies.
You may request the deletion of your account at any time
through the My profile > Delete > Yes, I understand,
let’s proceed > Delete Account > Yes, delete. Following
such request with appropriate review by us, we will delete the
data that it is not required to retain for purposes of
regulatory, tax, insurance, litigation, or other legal
requirements. For example, we retain location, device, and
usage data for these purposes for a reasonable period as may
be necessary; while it retains such data, it may also use it
for purposes of safety, security, fraud prevention and
detection, and research and development. In certain
circumstances, we may be unable to delete your account, such
as if there’s a balance on the account or an unresolved claim
or dispute. Upon resolution of the issue preventing deletion,
we will delete the account as described above.
Data Subject rights
Under Data protection laws, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed: what personal data an organization
processes and why.
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you
have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: You can delete your data in certain
circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you
have the right to request that processing is stopped but the
data retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your
data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to
another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where
data is processed based on legitimate interests or for the
purposes of marketing), you may object to that processing.
Rights related to automated decision-making, including
profiling: there are several rights in this area where
processing carried out solely automatically results in a
decision that has legal or significant effects on the
individual. In these circumstances, your rights include the
right to ensure that there is human intervention in the
decision-making process.
Push Messages, Promotional emails
You may receive “push messages” from us within the app, even
when you are not currently using the app. These will either
contain messages that we send you as part of our Service, or
they may contain advertising information. You can stop
receiving push messages or adjust your settings at any time by
changing the configuration settings of your mobile device or
in the Tubit app.
When you register, you enter your email address, or we receive
your email address from Apple/ Facebook/Google (if you
register via a third-party login). Unless you opt-out, we will
use this email address to send you different types of
notifications, some of which may qualify as promotional
emails. We send you information about the promotions and
offers we have available by direct marketing or other modes of
communication - if you’ve signed up for our communications or
otherwise told us it’s ok. You can click the unsubscribe link
at the bottom of each email you receive or email your request
to us at
support@tubit.com
or by changing the settings in your profile.
Security
Tubit has implemented appropriate security measures to protect
and prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorised access or
disclosure and alteration of the information under our
control, including your personal data. We use reasonable
security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your
personal information. Tubit technical experts work hard to
ensure your secure use of our site.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual
residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement,
if you have an unresolved personal data collection, use, or
disclosure concern we have not addressed satisfactorily. Data
Protection Authority may decide to further investigate the
matter. Tubit will always fully cooperate with any regulatory
request.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to replace, modify or amend this Privacy
Policy at our own discretion. Changes to this Privacy Policy
are effective when posted on this page. Please note the latest
modification date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Data controller contact information
The data controller of the website is Reilin Technologies
Limited, located at Aglantzias, 62, EKATERINI NICOSIA BUSINESS
CENTER, Flat/Office 109, Aglantzia, 2108, Nicosia, Cyprus.
Data Controller has appointed an internal Data Protection
Officer to contact you if you have any questions about this
policy or data processing practices. Please direct your query
to the data protection officer if you want to exercise your
privacy rights. Data Protection Officer’s contact information
is as follows:
dpo@tubit.com.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy,
contact us via email at
support@tubit.com.
Last updated April 14th, 2023