Back
TruffleLive App. Privacy Policy
Last revised: June 2023
INTRODUCTION
TruffleLive App., including its affiliates (collectively, the
"Company", "we", "our" or
"us"), are
deeply committed to safeguarding the privacy expectations of its users (“User(s)”,
“you” or “your”). Accordingly, we have put in place this privacy policy ("Policy"), which outlines our data protection
practices, including how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information, as well as your rights with respect
to your personal
information.
We encourage you to read the Policy carefully and use
it to make informed decisions, as your access to and use of our service, whether by visiting our
website, mobile apps, other online properties ( together the "Websites"),
or by creating an account through our service (collectively "Service"),
signifies that you have read and understand all the terms detailed herein and
you hereby agree to this Policy and to the collection, use, retention and
disclosure of your personal information in accordance with these terms. If you
do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use our
Services. You are not legally required to provide us with any personal
information, but without it, we will not be able to provide you with the full
range or with the best experience of using our Services.
Personal
information is defined as any information that identifies an individual or could
reasonably identify an individual with reasonable effort, including without
limitation: your name, surname, date of birth, residing address, IP address,
email address or telephone number, ID documentation, financial documents as
utility bill or bank statements as well as other non-public information about
you that is associated with or linked to any foregoing, hereinafter referred to
as the "Personal Information". Processing activities include,
among other things, the collection, use, retention and disclosure of such data.
Your
Personal Information will be processed by us (including any of our agents
and/or employees), and (where appropriate) any other company in our company
group and/or our partners and subcontractors, in accordance with this Policy.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or the
way we use your Personal Information, please refer to our table of contents and
to the section 12. "HOW TO CONTACT US?" below. The Company is the
controller of the Personal Information collected, and is responsible for the
processing of your Personal Information.
In this
Policy, you can learn about:
1.
WHAT INFORMATION WE
COLLECT?
2.
MINORS
3.
PURPOSES AND CONDITIONS FOR
PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
4.
MARKETING
5.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE
INFORMATION?
6.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
7.
THIRD PARTY TRACKING
TECHNOLOGIES
8.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION
9.
YOUR RIGHTS
10.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY
POLICY
11.
LANGUAGE VERSION
12.
HOW TO CONTACT US?
1.  WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We collect Personal Information from our Users and visitors of our Service, which consists
of the following:
·
Registration
Information: When you open an account and register
to use our Service, you will be asked to
provide us with certain details about yourself, such
as: your email address, username, mobile phone number, contact details or
similar identifier. Please note that when you wish to update your account
profile, we also collect Personal Information from you.
·
Identification
documentation: If you intend to receive revenues
from the Company (subject to our policies), you will be asked to provide a copy
of your governmental-issued ID. We collect and store uploaded documents, in order to identify
customers, to process your requests and/or to comply with effective laws and
regulations. These documents are also used for the purpose of prevention and
detection of fraud, prevention of money-laundering and terrorist funding.
·
Images and
videos: When you
access the service and make uploads in the app we also collect images and
videos information from your device.
Voluntary information: We also collect information which you provide us
voluntarily in
order to personalize your account or for a specific function, which you
voluntarily provide to us at
your discretion for a specific function. In addition, we collect your communication when you respond
to communications from us, provide us with feedback, communicate with us
via email or share additional information about yourself through your use
of the Service.
Device information: We collect specific types of connection details and
information with regard to your device, software or hardware that could
identify you, such as: device’s unique identifiers (e.g. UDID, IMEI, MAC
address), browser fingerprinting, IP address, blockchain address, wallet
type, and geo-location data.
Information we collect from third parties: We
sometimes collect Personal
Information from third party service providers, such as information which
is gathered in order to verify your identity and prevent fraudulent or
illegal activity.
Log-in history and technical information: To enhance the functionality of the Service and
to provide you with a better user experience, we collect technical
information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware
information (e.g. the type of browser and operating system your device
uses, language preference, access time and the domain name of the website
from which you linked to the Service; etc.).
Analytics information: We collect information about your use of the Service,
such as applications' usage, log files, user activity (e.g. pages viewed,
user's movements, time spent, online browsing, clicks, actions, etc.),
time stamps, alerts, etc. This information is collected for amongst other
things troubleshooting errors and bugs as well as for research and
analytics purposes about your use of the Service.
·
Google
Advertising ID: The
Google Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier, provided by Google Play
services. If your device has an Advertising ID, we will collect and use it for
advertising and user analytics purposes. By downloading or using our Service
you explicitly agree that we associate your Advertising ID with your applicable
persistent device identifier. This will facilitate our ability to improve your
personalized experience. Further, we use other persistent identifiers for
non-advertising purposes. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we will
use other identifiers.
You acknowledge and agree that any
personal information that you make available via the Service including, but not
limited to, your username, your name, email address, geo-location data and the
content you post (including your User Submission) is available to the public.
You are responsible for protecting and enforcing your rights in and to your
User Submission.
2. MINORS
The Service are not designed or directed to persons
under the age of 18 or persons under the age of legal consent with respect to
the use of the Service of any jurisdiction, whichever is higher (“Legally of Age”).
We do not   collect Personal Information of a minor.
If you are not Legally of Age, you are prohibited to download or use the Service nor
provide any Personal Information to us.
We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal
Information collected from you. In the event that we become aware that a user
who is not Legally of Age has shared any information, we will discard such
information.
3. PURPOSES AND CONDITIONS FOR
PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
This section outlines the underlying purposes and legal bases for the processing of your Personal Information:
Purpose
Legal basis
Provision
of our Service; support and customer relations. We use your Personal Information, such as your
username and email address for customer services purposes as well as to
present our Websites and its content to you. This includes, for example,
managing and updating your account, providing and operating the Service,
keeping you informed about our last updates or responding to any of your
inquiries, as well as your request to exercise your User rights.
The legal
bases for processing this data are the performance of our contractual
obligations towards you for example as described under this Policy and/or
Terms of Use (Art. 6.1(b) GDPR); your consent (for example, when you agree to
provide Personal Information by accepting our Cookie Notice, Policy and Terms
of Use) (Art. 6.1(a) GDPR); compliance with our legal obligations (Art.
6.1(c) GDPR); and our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f) GDPR). Our legitimate
interests in this case are enforcing our policies, protection against fraud
and misuse of our Service.
Improving
our Service. We
collect and analyze information about you and your usage of our Service to
improve the usability and effectiveness of our Service based on User's common
preferences and uses.
The legal
bases for processing this data are our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR), in this case – providing and improving our Service.
Marketing,
advertising and analytics. We use your
Personal Information in order to provide you with personalized
advertisements, including behavioral advertising when you visit our Service,
to market our Service and to gather aggregate usage information for
analytics, statistical and research purposes, including notification of
promotional offers.
The legal
basis for processing this data are your consent (when required) and our
legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(a), 6.1(f) GDPR). Our legitimate interests in
this case are providing you with tailored services, content and advertisements
that better fit your interests as well as to promote our Service.
Dispute
resolution and protection of our legal claims. We collect your Personal
Information in order to investigate violation of our policies, enable us to
resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Service and to establish
and defend our legal claims.
The legal
basis for processing this data is our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR). Our legitimate interests in this case are to establish and defend our
legal claims.
Payments. We collect from our third-party
payment processors certain information about your payment instruments for the
purpose of connecting your payment instrument to your account on our
Services.
The legal
bases for processing this
data are the performance of our contractual obligations (Art. 6.1(b) GDPR); the protection of our legitimate
interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR), in this case
enforcing our policies and preventing misuse of our Services; and compliance
with legal obligations to which we are subject (Art. 6.1(c) GDPR).
Corporate transactions. We will share your Personal
Information with a potential purchasers, successors or investors in the
Company or in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a
substantial part of our business, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy,
consolidation or asset sale of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof)
in relation to the Company.
The legal
basis for processing this data is our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR).
Prevention of fraud or violation of
our policies. We
process your Personal Information to detect and prevent fraudulent and
illegal activity or any other type of activity that jeopardizes or negatively
affect the integrity of the Service, including by identifying risks
associated with your activity on our Service. We also investigate any
violations of our policies and enforce them.
The legal
basis for processing this data is our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR). Our legitimate interests in this case are to protect our Company and
other Users against fraud.
Compliance with applicable
laws. We process your
Personal
Information to comply with our various legal obligations such as adult
content legislation (where applicable), anti-money laundering, identity verification
(e.g., suspicion of minor using our Service), prevention of fraud, complying
with data subject rights etc.
The legal
basis for processing this data is to comply with our various legal
obligations (Art. 6.1(c) GDPR) and our legitimate interests (Art. 6.1(f)
GDPR).
Where you have not consented (or have withdrawn your
consent) to the processing of your Personal Information by us, we will continue
to process your Personal Information : (a) where processing is required for the
performance of the contract (i.e. the Terms of Use) between you and us; and/or
(b) where processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to
which we are subject; (c) where processing is necessary for the purposes of a
legitimate interest of the Company and its affiliates (including for
marketing).
4. MARKETING
We will use your Personal
Information, such as your, email address, collected by ourselves and/or through our
trusted third party
subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials,
concerning the Service as well as products, services, websites and applications
which relate to the Company's business partners and its affiliates
(collectively: “Marketing Affiliates”), which we believe interest you.
We also share and disclose Personal
Information with our Marketing Affiliates for the purpose of providing you
different marketing offers, which we, or our Marketing Affiliates, believe are
relevant for you. Our
Marketing Affiliates may use this Personal Information for different marketing
techniques, such as, but not limited to, direct email.
We will use your Personal Information for the purpose
of providing you with promotional materials solely where we have a legitimate
interest in doing so, or where we have obtained your affirmative consent.
You can at any time decline receiving further
marketing offers from us or from our business partners and marketing affiliates
by either: following the
links inserted in the promotional emails (e.g., selecting the opt-out link) or
contacting our customer support. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing
mailing list, we will continue to send you service-related updates and
notifications.
5. WITH WHOM WE SHARE INFORMATION
We do not rent, sell, or share your
Personal Information with third parties (“Recipients”) except as
described in this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information will be disclosed to
Recipients only to the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated
in this Privacy Policy.
We share Personal Information
with any of the following recipients:
Subcontractors and third party
service providers, as well as their subcontractors, which by way of
example include (but is not limited to) cloud computing companies,
marketing affiliates, fraud prevention services, and other data verifiers;
Payment service providers,
payment processors and banks;
Auditors, contractors or
legal/financial/other advisers of any of our business processes;
Any third parties who
investigate, detect or prevent fraudulent or illegal activity or enable us
to enforce our policies, including in order to ascertain your source of
income or funds (e.g. governmental authorities, law enforcement bodies,
banks and other investigatory bodies);
Governmental and regulatory
bodies, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; and
Potential purchasers, successors
or investors in any of the companies within our group companies, or in the
event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our
business, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy, consolidation or asset sale
of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof) in relation to any
company within our group companies (in such event, the acquiring company
or transferee will assume the rights and obligations as described in this
Privacy Policy).
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Since we operate globally, it is necessary for the provision of Service and to
the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated in this Policy to transfer your Personal Information
to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The
data protection and other laws
of these countries are not as comprehensive as those in the EEA.
We use best efforts to ensure that your Personal
Information is protected in accordance with our Policy, through contractual means (such as by using the standard
contractual clauses approved by the
relevant European
Commission for data
transfer, as available here) or other means (such as ensuring that the European Commission decisions
determined that such jurisdictions offer an adequate level of protection as available here).
For more information about the transfer of your Personal
Information outside of the EEA, our contact details are available under the
section 12. "HOW TO CONTACT US?"
7. THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use third-party advertising technology across our
Websites to serve advertisements when you visit or use
our Service. We use and authorize third parties to use
web beacons, cookies, pixels, scripts, tags and other technologies ("Tracking
Technologies").
The Tracking Technologies automatically collect
information about you, your online behavior on the Websites, and your device (for example your
computer or mobile device), for different purposes, including improving and personalizing your navigation on our Service and enhancing our Service’ performance. Third parties use this information to provide you with targeted content.
You can set your browser
to refuse all third party cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent,
also you can opt-out of many third party ad networks, including those operated
by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA").
We also allow third parties to collect information
about you through Tracking Technologies. To learn more please visit our Cookie
Policy.
For more information regarding this practice by NAI members
and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by
these companies, including how to opt-out of third party ad networks operated
by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites:
www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices.
8. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have registered with an account through our
Service, the Company will retain your Personal Information during the period
your account is active. In addition, the Company will retain your Personal
Information for additional periods, to enable the Company to meet its legal
obligations under applicable laws or regulations.
In addition, the Company shall retain your Personal
Information for longer periods, provided that retaining such information is only necessary for the Company’s legitimate interests, such
as fraud prevention and record keeping, resolving or excising claims regarding potential disputes.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights regarding the collection and
processing of Personal Information. To the extent these rights apply to and
concern you, you can exercise them by contacting us via the contact details
available under the section below "HOW TO CONTACT US?" and exercise
the following rights:
1)
Rights of access
– You can obtain a copy of the Personal Information held by the Company at any
time;
2)
Right of data
portability – You have the right to receive your Personal Information, in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request that your Personal
Information be transmitted to a third party of your choice;
3)
Right of rectification
– In the event that the data held about you by the Company is inaccurate,
incomplete or outdated, you have the possibility to request the rectification
of said data (except in cases where the information is required to be kept in
its original format under any applicable laws and regulations);
4)
Right of erasure
– You have the possibility at any time to request that the Company erases data
held about you by sending an email to the Company as outlined in this Policy.
However, you are advised that with the deletion of your Personal Information,
you might not be able to use the Service anymore or the account might be
totally closed;
5)       Right to restriction of processing,
objection to processing – At any time, you have the right to request that the
Company restricts or ceases to conduct certain data processes provided that
there exists no other lawful basis on which the Company is authorized to
process said data;
6)       Right to withdraw your consent – You
have the right to withdraw your given consent at any time. The withdrawal of
consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing;
7)       Right to lodge a complaint – All
requests, complaints or queries should be addressed to the Company with the
subject ‘Privacy’. We will consider any requests, complaints or queries and
provide you with a reply in a timely manner. You can also file a complaint with
the relevant data protection authority should you not be satisfied with the way
in which we handle your Personal Information. We take our obligations seriously
and we ask that any concerns be first brought to our attention, so that we can
try to resolve this.
Please note that these rights are not absolute, and can
be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements. You are
welcome to contact us for any questions, requests or complaints through our
contact details below.
We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable
timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. If you are
unsatisfied with our response, you can lodge a complaint with the competent
supervisory authority.
Also, you should be aware that unless you have
registered and created an account on our Website, we could not be able to
respond to your request as we do not have sufficient information to identify
you. We could also rectify,
replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at
our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies. Similarly, we will ask you to
provide us with additional information in order to adequately verify your identity
upon your request.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this
Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will
provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy on our services
and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the applicable
e-mail address that you provided to us. Such substantial changes will take
effect fourteen (14) days after such notice was provided on any of the above
mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are
effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of our
services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and
agreement to be bound by, those changes.
11. LANGUAGE VERSION
The Policy has been drafted in the English language,
which is the original and controlling version of this Policy. All translations
of this Policy into other languages shall be solely for convenience and shall
not control the meaning or application of this Policy. In the event of any
discrepancy between the meanings of any translated versions of the Policy and
the English language version, the meaning of the English language version shall
prevail.
12.  HOW TO CONTACT US?
If you have any general questions
about the Services or the information that we collect about you and how we use
it, please contact us via email at DPO@trufflelive.com :
TruffleLive Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
11/F., Unit B Winbase Centre,
208 Queen’s Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
You can contact our representative in
the EU by the following contact details: DPO@trufflelive.com. We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please
feel free to reach out to us at any time.