Privacy policyLast updated:  2023/03/10Welcome to WaveChat("we"). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.By accessing or using our websites, services, applications, products and content (including but not limited to platforms) (collectively, the "services"), you have read this policy and understand your rights to your information and how we will collect, use and process it. If you do not agree to this policy or any part of it, you should not use our services. Capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meanings given to them in user terms.If you have any questions about how we use your information, please contact us through online customer service.abstractWhat information do we collect about you?We collect information as you create your account and use the platform, such as your contact information, what you created, your location, and credit card details. We also collect information about third-party social network providers you share with us, as well as information about the technology and behavior of your use of the platform. If you allow us to access your phonebook on your mobile device, we also collect information contained in messages you send through our platform and your contacts. More information.How will we use your information?We use your information to perform and execute our service contracts with you, improve and manage the platform, and allow you to use its functions. We also use your information to show you suggestions, promote the platform, and provide targeted service advertising for you. More information.Who do we share your information with?We share your data with third-party service providers we rely on to help you provide a platform. These providers include cloud storage providers and other IT service providers. We also share your information with our business partners, advertisers, analytics and search engine providers. We can also share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or government agencies as required by law. More information.Your rightsYou may have rights related to your information. More information.How long will we keep your information?We retain your information as long as it is necessary to (1) perform our contractual obligations and rights with respect to the information in question, (2) our legal obligations under applicable laws and regulations to retain data for a certain period of time, taking into account the time limits prescribed by applicable law; (3) our legitimate business purposes; and (4) defend disputes or potential disputes. More information.If there are any changes, how will we inform you?We will normally notify all users of any significant changes to this policy through our platform notifications. However, you should review this policy periodically to check for any changes. We will also update the "last update" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of the policy. If you continue to visit or use the service after the date of renewal of the policy, you accept the renewal policy. If you do not agree with the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the service.The types of information we collectWe may collect and use your following information:The message you gave us. When you register and / or use the platform, you provide us with information about you, including your name, age, gender, address, email address, social media login details, phone number, financial and credit card information, your photo and your language choice. In addition, this category will include your customer profile, your comments on our platform (including any virtual items you provide for any user generated content), account and billing details, including but not limited to your apple, Google or Windows account, paypal or other third-party payment channel account (if required) for the purpose of paying or withdrawing cash. It also includes user generated content, photos and video content that you choose to play on our platform. You can also use your user credentials to sign up for certain social media sites, such as Waooo, twitter, Google.The information network you choose to share from social networking sites. If you choose to link your social network or public forum account (such as Waooo, twitter, Google) to the platform, you will provide or allow your social network to provide us with information from your social network or public forum account, including your contact list. This data will include information about your use of the platform on such public forums and / or social networks. For more information about how and for what purposes social network providers process your data, please refer to their privacy policies.We collect technical information about you. When you use the platform, we will automatically collect some of your information, including your IP address, location related data (as described below) or other unique device identifier, your browsing history (including what you view on the platform), cookies (as defined below), your mobile operator, time zone settings, mobile or device information, including device model and screen Screen resolution, operating system and platform, and information about your platform.We collect information about your behavior: we also collect information about your use of the service, such as your comments on our platform or any other user generated content and video content that you generate and broadcast through our platform. In addition, we will use your email or social media login details to link your contact or subscriber information to your activities on our platform. We collect user engagement scores ("like, comment, repeat) and connect with users based on your behavior. Finally, we collect preferences for opt in and communication.Location data. When you use the platform on your mobile device, we may collect information about your location. If you allow, we can also collect global positioning system (GPS) data and mobile device location information.Information from third parties. If you use any other website we operate or other services we provide, we will receive information about you from a third party. We will also receive information from third parties, such as advertising networks and analysis providers, as well as from other sources, including trade catalogs and other commercial or public sources.Your phone and WaveChatcontacts. You can choose whether to find other users of the platform through (I) your phone contacts or (II) WaveChatcontacts. If you choose to find other users through your mobile phone contacts, we will access and collect your phone contacts, including name, phone number, address, and any other information about the contacts that you have stored in your phone, so that we can determine whether they are using the platform by matching them with current users of the platform. If you want to find other users through your WaveChatcontact, we will collect your public WaveChatinformation as well as the name and profile of your WaveChatcontact.Leaving a message. We collect and process (including scanning and analyzing) the information you provide, including any personal information, including writing, sending, or receiving information (i.e., content and information about when to send, receive and / or read information and communication participants) the messaging capabilities of our services. Please note that messages sent to other users of our service will be accessed by other users, and we are not responsible for the way these users use or disclose information.Metadata. When you upload a video to the platform ("user content"), some metadata connected to user content is automatically uploaded. In essence, metadata describes other data and provides information about user content that is not always obvious to the viewer. Relevant to your video, metadata can describe how, when, and who collects user content and how to format it. It also includes information such as your account name to enable other users to trace videos to your user account. The metadata also includes additional data that you choose to provide with the video, such as any hash tags used to tag video or comment keywords.Buy coins. You may choose to purchase the coin pack through in app purchase. You can use these coins to buy virtual gifts and send them to other users live or on the channel. When you choose to buy coins, you will be transferred to the app store on your mobile device to complete the purchase. We will collect your personal information about this purchase. In addition, if you use your Apple iTunes or Google play account to purchase any gift points in accordance with the gift point policy, we will process payment confirmation and credit it to your account.How do we use your informationWe will use the information we collect about you in the following ways:Manage the platform (i.e. providing services for you) and internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistics and investigation purposes (i.e. ensuring the stability and safety of the platform), and solicit your feedback;Allows you to participate in the interactive functions of the platform, when you choose to do so;Personalize the content you receive and provide you with customized content that you are interested in;Improve and develop the platform and carry out product development;Measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertisements for you and others;Provide services to you according to the country settings you choose, such as advertising and other content related to the country settings;Make suggestions and suggestions to you and other users of the platform on the goods or services that you or they are interested in;Allow other users to identify you as a service user through the "find other friends" function, allow you to find other users on the platform and connect with them, and support the social function of the service;Provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose and enable you to participate in the platform and interact with other users;Make your information available to other users according to the privacy settings you choose for your information;Show you what you like or interact with (via comments and / or viewing content), content from your region, and content from the users you follow;Show you advertisements related to you;To promote the services and usage information you provide to us, such as user content and video content, you can choose to broadcast on our platform as part of our advertising and marketing activities to promote the platform;In order for the messenger service to work properly (although this information is handled only if you choose to use this feature), you can choose to delete any information about your discretion through the clear cache function in platform settings, and help us detect abuse, fraud and illegal activities on the platform;Make sure you are big enough to use our services (as required by law).Inform you of changes to our services;Communicate with you.Provide user support for you;Implement our terms, conditions and policies;You are paid and / or paid to you under the diamond and flame terms set out in the supplemental terms virtual goods policy, or under user terms or separate advanced content creator agreements, as applicable.How can we share your informationWe will share your information with the following selected third parties:Our business partners, so that we can provide you with special discounts through the platform;Advertisers and advertising networks need data to selectChoose and serve advertisements for you and others.Cloud storage providers store the information and disaster recovery services you provide, and perform any contracts we have signed with you;Analysis and search engine providers to help us optimize and improve the platform; and it service providers;Our data center and host provider's servers.We will also share your information with any member or affiliate of the group and, for the above purposes only, assist in improving and optimizing the platform to prevent illegal use, increase the number of users, develop, engineer and analyze the information, or for our internal business purposes (how we use your information).If we are required by law to share information with other public bodies, we will make reasonable use of:Comply with legal obligations, procedures or requirements;Enforce our user terms and other agreements, policies and standards, including investigating any potential violations;Detect, prevent or otherwise resolve security, fraud or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or security of us, our users, third parties or the public as required or permitted by law (including the exchange of information with other companies and organizations to prevent fraud and reduce credit risk).We will also disclose your information to third parties:If we sell or purchase any business or asset, in which case we will disclose your data to a potential seller or buyer of that business or asset; orIf we sell, purchase, merge, be acquired by or cooperate with other companies or enterprises, or sell part or all of our assets. In this kind of transaction, the user information will be in the transferred assets.Your rightsIf you have registered for an account, you can access and update some of the personal information you provide to us by logging in to your online account and using the functions and features available there.You can opt out of the marketing or advertising email by using the unsubscribe link or mechanism noted in the marketing or advertising email we receive.If you don't want to share your GPS or mobile device location information with us, you can turn off the location information function on your mobile device.Your information securityWe will take measures to ensure that your information is handled safely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not entirely secure. Although we will try our best to protect your information, such as through encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit through the platform; any transmission risk is borne by you.We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the level of security is commensurate with the potential and severity of the risks to your and other users' rights and freedoms. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will revise them from time to time to improve the overall security of our system.From time to time, we will include links to our partner networks, advertisers and affiliate websites. If you use links to these sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and we do not assume any responsibility or responsibility for these policies. Please review these policies before submitting any information to these sites.Note that if you upload a video to the platform for the first time, you will be informed that you are using the platform on a public account, which means that if you publish a video, it will be visible to every user of the platform, regardless of your connection to that user. You can restrict visitors' access to the information contained in the information published to the platform according to the privacy settings specified in the information window. Changes to the privacy settings on the platform will be applied immediately and affect information you have posted in the past. Once you decide to delete the corresponding UGV or broadcast content or other information provided in your profile, we will delete your information from the platform you use.How long do we keep your informationWe use the following criteria to determine how long your information will be retained:Our contractual obligations and rights with respect to the information involved;According to the law, keep the data required by law for a certain period of time;The limitation of action stipulated by law shall be applied;Our legitimate business purposes; and Potential dispute or dispute.After you terminate our service, we can store your information in aggregated and anonymous format. Notwithstanding the above, we may also retain any personal information reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to allow us to settle and litigate disputes and to enforce our agreements.Information related to childrenThe platform is not for children under 18. If we find that someone has collected personal information from a person under 18, we will delete that information and terminate the person's account. If you think we have collected information about children under 18, please contact us through online feedback.ChangeWe will normally notify all users of any significant changes to this policy through our platform notifications. However, you should review this policy periodically to check for any changes. We will also update the "last update" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of the policy. If you continue to visit or use the service after the date of renewal of the policy, you accept the renewal policy. If you do not agree with the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the service.In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the supplemental terms (the specific jurisdiction related to the jurisdiction in which you access or use the service) and other parts of the policy, the supplemental provisions (specific jurisdiction) of the relevant jurisdiction will replace and control.The security of your personal data. The personal data you share for the service will be protected in accordance with the policies and systems adopted by the company.Data retention. We will not retain sensitive personal data or data longer than is necessary for the legitimate use of such data or as otherwise provided by any existing law.Information about children. The platform is not for people under 18. Users under the age of 18 are not allowed to use the platform or register accounts on the platform. We will remove personal information from these people who are under 18 years old if they are found out there. If you think that we may have personal data or collect information about people under the age of 18, please contact us at the online customer service.You have the right to access and review the personal data we hold about you, correct any inaccurate personal data about you, request the deletion of the personal data you hold about you, and request that the processing of your personal data be suspended. You can exercise your rights through online customer service.Indonesia. If you use our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In case of any conflict between the following additional provisions and the provisions of the subject of this privacy policy, the following provisions shall prevail.Parents and guardians agree. If you are under the age of 21 and you declare that you have obtained the consent of your parents or legal guardian, you canUse the service or register an account on the service.Data permission. You have the right to access personal data in our platform at any time.Notice. If WaveChatfails to keep your personal data confidential on our platform, WaveChatwill immediately notify you through the contact information you provided.Language. The insurance policy is written in English. Each party acknowledges that it has read and understood this policy and that it is made freely and without coercion. The official text of this policy shall be in English. The parties agree that compliance with Law No. 24 of 2009 of the Republic of Indonesia on the national flag, language, emblem and Anthem ("Law No. 24 / 2009") shall apply to this policy (an agreement to which an Indonesian entity is a party). You acknowledge that you fully understand the language and content of this policy and agree that you will not use the provisions of Law No. 24 / 2009 to invalidate this policy.Change of terms. The following terms shall prevail over the above "changes": "we may amend this policy from time to time to the extent permitted by applicable law. If we modify this policy, we will notify you of the effective date of the change by (I) posting a notice on the login page of our website or the initial screen of our mobile app; or (II) the contact information you provide to us. If you do not explicitly object to the revised policy, even if we inform you, your failure to do so within the above notice period will be deemed to have accepted the change and you will be deemed to have agreed to the new policy. "Parents and guardians agree. If you are 13 years of age but under 20 years of age, you declare that you have obtained the consent of your parents or legal guardian to use these platforms or register accounts on them.Information. With respect to the above (regarding "information" in "types of information we collect"), the following additional terms apply: no one may read your information unless required by applicable laws and regulations. The purpose of this function is to detect abuse, fraud and illegal activities on the platform. You can turn this off at any time by going to waooo_tech@gmail.com.How we share your profile. Despite the above information (how we share your personal data), in Japan, we only share your personal data with selected third parties specifically listed in this section. For customers in Japan, WaveChatcontinues to be primarily responsible for protecting your information.