Iconic Hearts, IncPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: March 1, 2023This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the data privacy practices of Iconic Hearts Holdings, Inc. (collectively, Iconic Hearts,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), with respect to the services including our website at www.getsendit.com (the “Site”) and the mobile applications made available by Iconic Hearts, including Sendit, Push It, and Locksmith (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy will explain the types of personal information that we collect, the uses we make of that information, and how you can correct or request deletion of any personal identifying information you choose to give us.We collect and use personal information from and about youIconic Hearts (and any vendors we hire to perform business functions on our behalf) may collect, receive, and develop several categories of personal information:We collect Contact Information: We may collect your name, email address, mailing address, social network details, and phone number.We collect Registration and Account Information: We may collect display name, profile avatar, reminder questions and answers, and communications preferences. You may also provide other optional information, such as a general location or account usernames for your other social media accounts.We collect Demographic Information: We may collect demographic information such as your gender.We collect Internet and Network Activity Information: We collect information about your use of the Services, such as frequency of use, engagement with particular features, and which sections of the Site are visited most. We may also collect information about the browser you are using, your IP address, and device identifiers.We collect Location Information: We may collect information about your general location when you use the Services, using your zip code or postcode and IP address.We collect information from your device’s contacts: If you agree to give us access to your device’s contacts/phonebook, we collect information about your contacts including your contacts’ names, email addresses and phone numbers.We may collect and develop Inferences: Using the other pieces of personal information collected about you, we may draw inferences about you, reflecting what we believe to be your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, attitudes, and interests.We collect information when you communicate with us: We may send push notifications to your mobile device if they are enabled, or text messages with your consent, to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, system maintenance, and other Service-related information.We collect Other Personal Information Consumers Voluntarily Choose to Provide: We collect information such as your posts, photos and other submissions to our Services, including our mobile applications which are intended to facilitate the creation of publicly available information and content. Remember, depending on your settings, your information and/or content you submit through our mobile applications may be publicly available so you should always be mindful of the information/content you are providing.We use personal information as described hereWe use these categories of personal information for the following purposes:We use your information for marketing purposes. We may use your personal information to provide personalized online advertising on the Services and to facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to you.We use your information to enhance your user experience and to make connections to other users. We use your contact information, and, if you give us access, information from your device’s contacts/phonebook, to enable the messaging functionality of the Services, as well as to match friends and to suggest connections to other users of the Services who you already know, or who you have a connection with outside of the Services.We use information to respond to your requests or questions. We use personal information to provide you with customer support anytime you reach out to us with questions about our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service, or issues arising from your account. We may also use personal information to send customers technical alerts, updates, security notifications, and administrative communications.We use information to improve our products and services. For example, we may use the information you provide about our products, as well as Internet and Network Activity, Location, and Inferences to make our website, services, and products better and more responsive to your interests.We use information to administer our site and services and for internal operations. We use all categories of personal information for our internal operations, such as troubleshooting, insurance claims, data analysis, and testing.We use information for security purposes. We may use each category of personal information as necessary to protect our company, our customers, and our business partners.  We also may use this personal information to protect our websites or our services, as well as to detect and investigate activities that may be illegal or prohibited (such as cyber attacks or fraudulent activities).We use information to verify requests made pursuant to this Privacy Policy. We will use certain pieces of personal information to verify your identity if you make requests pursuant to this Privacy Policy. The verification steps and the pieces of personal information that we request may vary depending on the sensitivity and nature of your request.We use information as other disclosed or permitted by law, or as we may notify you.We collect personal information about you from various sourcesWe collect personal information about you from various sources, directly and indirectly. We collect these categories of personal information from the following categories of sources:We collect personal information directly from you. We collect Contact Information if you sign up for our Services or contact us. We also collect any personal information you provide if you make a request, fill out your user profile or other settings, or complete a survey.We receive personal information from other users and other social media platforms. We may receive Contact Information about you from other users of the Services who consent to give us access to their device’s contacts/phonebook. We may also receive information from other social media platforms, such as the username, display name and avatar image you use on such other social media platform, if you give your consent to the other social media platform to share that information with us.We collect personal information from your devices. We may use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to automatically collect information about you (including Internet and Network Activity, and Location). We may collect this information when you interact with our Site, our ads, and our emails that we or our vendors send to you. We may have third parties collect personal information on our behalf in this way, too.We get personal information from vendors we hire to work on our behalf. Vendors that host or maintain our websites and send promotional emails for us may give us Contact Information and Internet and Network Activity Information. Our marketing agencies, advertising technology vendors, and analytics providers may provide us with Contact Information, Internet and Network Activity Information, and Location Information.We share certain personal informationWe share these categories of personal information under the following circumstances:We share your personal information with other users of our Services.
We may share information about you, such as your account username, display name, avatar image, and links to your other social media accounts if you provide them to us, to other users of our Services in connection with the messages, user profile, or other content you post through our Services, and to make friend suggestions.We share your personal information with vendors who perform services on our behalf. We may share each category of personal information with vendors who send emails for us, help us manage and operate our sites, fulfill purchases, provide advertising or marketing services, provide analytics and search engine support, track advertising impressions, investigate and prevent data incidents, audit our business and financial statements, provide legal advice, and place our advertisements on other platforms.You may select to share or make personal information available to social media platforms and third parties you interact with on the Services. The Services may contain plug-ins from third party platforms that allow you to like and share content from the Service. The Services may also allow you to sign-into your account using your login and password from other platforms. When you interact with these platforms on our Services, those third parties may collect personal information from you.We may share your personal information with our business partners and marketing companies. We may share Contact Information, Inferences, and Location Information with our distributors and dealers. We may also share the above categories of personal information with companies that might help us with our marketing efforts, including social media platforms, advertising networks, and ad tech companies.We may share your information if we think we have to in order comply with the law or to protect ourselves, our customers and others. We may share any or all categories of personal information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share this personal information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes sharing your information with the US government. We might share your personal information in order to enforce our agreements and to protect the rights of others. We might share your personal information when we are investigating potential fraud, or potential violations of our Terms of Service or Community Guidelines.We may share your personal information with a successor to all or part of our business. If part of our business is sold, we may include user information as part of that transaction, which may include some or all categories of your personal information. We may also share your personal information if there is a similar change to our corporate structure. We may also share your information with others as they conduct diligence of our corporate changes.We may share personal information for other reasons we may describe to you from time to time as permitted by law.You have certain choices about how we use your personal informationYou can control certain cookies and tracking tools.
We may use the following types of cookies:Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They may include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our web site. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.Analytical cookies. These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our web site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our web site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Information collected by Google Analytics cookies will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America in accordance with its privacy practices. To see and overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to Google Analytics, visit   https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Advertising or targeting cookies. These cookies may be used to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third party advertising partners may use the cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other websites.You may disable cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to disable all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the site.Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser. You will need to do this separately within your browser. If you have disabled one or more analytical cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set.Your California Privacy RightsIf you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry. If you reside in California, you have the right to make the following requests with respect to your personal information:Access – You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the categories of personal information sold or disclosed, the business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about you over the past 12 months.Deletion – You can request that we delete your personal information that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.Opt-Out – You can request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to a third party. For purposes of this privacy policy, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your personal information to an outside party for monetary or other valuable consideration.Right to be free from discrimination – You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.We may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests.We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. The verification steps will vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us.You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent, please include written permission that you have designated that agent to make the request, or proof of the agent‘s power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing your authorized agent’s request.You may exercise the above rights by emailing us at [email protected].Our Site and Services are not intended for children under 13We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at [email protected].International data transfersIconic Hearts is headquartered in the United States and may have service providers in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your jurisdiction.We may link to third party sites or services we do not controlIf you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to a website we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website, which may collect information from you. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party websites or their policies.SecurityWhile we take reasonable steps to protect your personal identifying information, nothing on the internet is 100% secure. For these reasons, we cannot guarantee that all of your personal identifying information will never be disclosed in ways you do not expect or which are not described in this Privacy Policy.Contact usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email or letter to:Iconic Hearts Holdings, Inc.1639 11th Street, #226Santa Monica, CA 90404Email: [email protected]We may update this PolicyFrom time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates. Your continued use of our website means that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set out in the updated Policy.CompanyAboutTermsPrivacy© 2023 iconic hearts, inc.