videoher's Privacy PolicyDate of Last Revision: March 14th, 2023Welcome to videoher (the “Platform”,“videoher”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers the experience we provide for users age 18 and over on our Platform.The Privacy Policy was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.The full legal bitWe know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users, so we have developed this privacy policy (the "Policy") to let you know how we use personal information (“personal data” or “personal information”).Our Policy applies to your use of the videoher app on Google Play (“videoher” or the “site” which includes the mobile apps). We suggest you read it in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”). When you access or use videoher, you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as we’ve set out in this Policy.videoher reserves the right to change our Policy at any time and without notice, so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your information.By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.The SummaryIf you clicked through to here from our Terms and Conditions of Use, you should read this privacy policy because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by videoher and that’s a pretty important thing for you to know. Here are the topics that we cover:1. What Information do We CollectWe collect and process information you give us when you create an account and upload content to the Platform.2. How We Use Your InformationWe use your information to provide the Platform to you and to improve and administer it. We use your information to, among other things, improve and develop the Platform and ensure your safety.3. Data StorageWe retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only as long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or where we are subject to a legal obligation to retain the data. We will also retain your data if we believe it is or will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. And we will clear up the data regularly if such data we believe or will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.4. ChangeWe will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.I. What information do we collectWe collect information when you create an account and use the Platform. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our Platform. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.Information you choose to provideFor certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, chat or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:         Registration information, such as username, age and password, social media account information, and email or phone number         Profile information, such as name, gender, language, , and profile image         User-generated content, including immediate messages, photographs, and other items you sent between you and the broadcaster(“User Content”)         Your opt-in choices tags and communication preferences         Information in correspondence you send to us         Information you share through surveys.Information we collect automaticallyOnce you have created a Profile, you may choose to edit your gender, birthday and other information. Moreover, we will automatically track certain information such as your IP, device information (model, system, MCC). And we also collect information about mobile operators, network information (5G, 4G, 3G, WIFI).When you use our Service, your microphone and phone camera shall be used upon your explicit authorization, the certain log file information shall be uploaded by yourself. All such information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.Information we obtain from other sourcesWe may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:Social Media. if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, or Google), we may collect information from these social media services, including your information of username or email for our services.Third-Party Services. We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, payment partners and analytics providers.II. How we use your informationWe will use your information to fulfill and enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use , to improve our Platform and customize your ad experience, we may use your information that we received to: help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include customized content, online ads or other forms of marketing; provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; develop and test new products and features; monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; diagnose or fix technology problems, to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback; help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform, such as anti-money laundering and anti-financing terrorism; ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law);We may use material that you post on the open access areas of videoher in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products;If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback videoher-help@outlook.com, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query; We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes;for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.III. How we share your informationWe are committed to maintaining your trust, and we do not sell personal information to third parties, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect for business purposes.Service Providers and Business PartnersWe share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, email deployment, advertising, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing.In particular, in relation to targeted advertising, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our app. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Within Our Corporate GroupWe may share your information with a parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of our corporate group for better service.For Legal ReasonsWe will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights and we will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your country of residence. So we may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of videoher, the Platform, our affiliates, users. We may also share your information to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law in our discretion.With Your ConsentWe may share information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or with your further direction.If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, or Google, to login to the Platform or to share information about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Platform, together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies.To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on videoher, other users will have chance to check your information you post on Profile. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, You should be cautious to disclose personal information while engaging. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other videoher users to know about you. And you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users.IV. Your Rightsvideoher is designed to make it easier for you to find, connect and interact with other users of videoher. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. Once you register, you will be able to review and change your personal information, but you just have one chance to choose your gender information.If you want to stop using your account it will be initially deactivated. This means that no user will be able to obtain your information. If you choose to delete account ,we have no obligations to save your information(including your profile information and content you have posted) or restore your account. We may delete these information from our servers within the period permitted by the law on a periodic basis.To prevent abuse and/or misuse of videoher by a user following termination or deletion of a profile/account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that user does not open a new account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations.You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. And we do not discriminate based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.V. Data Storagevideoher is a global social app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on videoher, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and destinations.VI. SecurityHow does videoher protect your personal information?videoher has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal information. videoher uses reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls. Our technical experts at videoher work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access.How do you keep your information secure?You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your personal information may be compromised. videoher cannot be held responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms and Conditions of Use.VII. ChildrenThe Platform otherwise is not directed to children under the age of 18. In certain cases this age may be different due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local privacy policy for more information. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 18 we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 18 on the Platform, please contact us at videoher-help@outlook.comcom.VIII. DisclaimerYou can use our instant message function, which allows you to communicate with other users of videoher. But we recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to consider carefully about the disclosed information of other users. We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names , addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers or drivers’ licence details and other sensitive information in your Profile ,which is open to abuse and misuse.Moreover, please be careful to post sensitive details about yourself on your Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile, including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no obligation to do so. Please remember that any photographs or video clips that you send on videoher may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. When you upload and send these sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your information. And you will at your own risk to do this, if you post anything which is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to disable your account.IX. ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to videoher-help@outlook.com or sent to the Feedback in the Setting of videoher.