Privacy Policy
XLiveCams: live & streaming (“xcmlvstr.cyou” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy identifies and describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the mobile app XLiveCams: live & streaming (“App”), visit our website xcmlvstr.cyou or use our Service as defined by the xcmlvstr.cyou Terms and Conditions and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
The main purposes for which we process the data we collect from you are as follows:
to improve the structure of our services, their design and improve the usability of them;
to provide you with information about products or services, as well as news and offers that you have requested;
to respond to questions or comments that you send to us;
to notify you of changes to our services or to the functionality of our site;
for analysis and market research;
to ensure that you comply with the Terms of Use and comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.
Will we share your personal data with third parties?
We may transfer personal data to our service providers and professional advisors, public and governmental authorities, the Service companies/affiliates or third parties in connection with the Service’s operation of its business, including any (potential) corporate or commercial transaction. Before we do so, we shall take the necessary steps to ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection as required by relevant data privacy laws and the Service’s internal policies.
For example, we may disclose personal information to third parties for other business purposes as follows:
We share your information with third-party service providers that provide services to us, including customer service, email deployment, advertising and marketing, security and performance monitoring, maintaining or servicing accounts, verifying customer information, research, data hosting, auditing, and data processing;
To protect and defend the legal rights, safety, and security of the Service, our affiliates, users, or the public, including to protect against fraud and malicious activity;
For other business purposes or for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
CHILDREN
The features, functions and other aspects of our Services requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age.
Links to/ from websites and programs of third parties
Our websites may include:
Links to and from the sites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates where this is the case, note that such third parties may process your personal data collected through such programs for their own purposes.
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for such third parties’ sites or programs. Please check such third parties’ terms of use and privacy statements before using and providing any information to such third parties’ sites and programs.
xcmlvstr.cyou is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Our contact: admin_live23@xcmlvstr.cyou
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contacts
If you have any issues with app please send us your feedback to admin_live23@xcmlvstr.cyou
OK