Privacy NoticeWelcome to Playsee! Playsee is a public open network platform that allows you to create and post content, including videos, comments, information, text, graphics, photos, music, sounds, voice, likes, comments, shares, collections, saves, hashtags and other material that you generate (“User Content”). We are committed to protecting your privacy, and this privacy notice (“Privacy Notice” or “Notice”) explains how Playsee (“Playsee,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and protects the information of users of the Playsee mobile application and any related websites, software applications, and technologies where this Privacy Notice is posted (collectively, the “Service”). Our Notice applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“User(s)” or “you”).By using our Service, you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post your content and to share your content publicly. Unless you change your privacy settings to private, your content will be public to all users. This means that potentially anyone in the world may search for, see, use, or share any of the content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice, our User Terms of Service, Additional Terms of Service (Business) and any other applicable terms posted on the Service.Please note that this Privacy Notice only applies to the Service, and not to websites, applications, operating systems, or other platforms of third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Platforms”), even if such Third-Party Platforms are linked to or accessible from the Service. Each Third-Party Platform will have its own data collection and usage practices, and may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information from you. Playsee is not responsible for the content or practices of any Third-Party Platforms and, if you choose to visit or use them, you do so at your own risk.If you have questions about this Notice, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, please contact us at any time.1. Who controls your information?Any information or other data provided to or gathered by Playsee is controlled by:Playsee Pte. Ltd. 16 Raffles Quay, #10-00 Hong Leong Building, Singapore 0485812. What types of information do we collect?“Information,” as used in this Privacy Notice, means personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a User. Examples include a User’s name or email address. Playsee collects the following categories of information about you and other users of the Service:Information You Provide. We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us when using the Service, including as part of registering a user account. For example, users can voluntarily change the username, and provide a password, nickname, bio, email address, phone number, profile picture and gender. As you must be 13 years old and above to use Playsee Services, and for us to comply with applicable laws, such as COPPA, we must obtain your date of birth. However, your email address, phone number and birth date will remain private unless you provide Playsee with additional consent to make the information public. For a Business to create a business account, a username, business name, password and email address will be required. You can also voluntarily provide information about business, for example a bio, phone number, contact email address and website URL. Further, for you to upload content from your camera roll, such as videos and photos, you must grant us access your camera or photos/albums. Playsee may also collect and process data including any album names, the videos and photos stored in each album, the time and location the content was created, and the amount of content stored in each album. Content You Have Published. We collect information from you that you voluntarily upload to the Service for public or private display (“Published Information”), such as User Content, which may include videos, text, hashtags, photos, nickname, and bio. Once you submit Published Information, neither you nor Playsee can control how it may be copied, shared, or used by third parties, even if you and/or Playsee later delete such Published Information. Therefore you should carefully consider what personal information you choose to include within your Published Information.Messages. We provide a messaging feature, which may include texts and audio messages, to have non-public conversations on Playsee. When you communicate with others by sending or receiving messages, we will store your communications and information related to them. We only share the content of your messages with the message recipient. Remember, when you use the messages feature to communicate with other users, the recipients have their own copy of your communications on Playsee, even if you delete your copy of those messages from your account.Finding Friends. To help you connect with your friends, you can go to the Find Friends section or the account settings, and enter your phone number. Playsee will sync your phone book or contact list to help you and your friends find each other. We do so by cross-referencing the phone numbers in your address book with other users who have provided their phone numbers. Mutual consent is required from both users before we can cross-reference phone numbers. You can also connect your Facebook account to the Service to help you find friends who are also on Playsee.Transaction and Payment Information. We use Stripe to process payments for services you buy when using our Service. For example, when you purchase advertising services, we receive limited information related to the purchase you made (namely, a user identification number from Stripe). Stripe acts as a separate controller, and any information you provide (namely, your legal name, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address) to Stripe is not governed by this Privacy Notice. Please refer to Stripe’s Privacy Notice located here for information about the processing of your payment information. We may require a Business Account user to provide credit card information when purchasing Ad Service or other offerings provided as part of our Service. If you use our Service for purchases or other financial transactions, we also collect information about the purchase or transaction.Device/Internet Connection Information. When you use the Service, we automatically gather information made available by your web browser, internet service provider, and device, depending on your settings for each. For example, we may collect information about your hardware and software (namely, your device model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, apps installed, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, battery level, and time zone).Internet Activity Information. When you interact with the Service, we may also collect information about your server logs, access dates and times, operating system, browser type, IP address, languages, clicks, views, collection, engagements, search terms, Service features or pages viewed, time spent on pages viewed or on each feature, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with a particular website, application, or advertisement, including the Service. We may use this information to understand your behavior and interests on Playsee, such as the User Content you viewed or engaged with, frequency and duration of the engagement, or other User or Business profiles you interacted with. We may also collect such information from emails we send to users, allowing us to understand the open rate of emails and click-through rates of links. This will help us continue to improve the Service.Identifiers and Social Network Information. We may collect unique identifiers, device IDs and other identifiers from the Facebook, Google or Apple accounts that you choose to integrate with Playsee, including when you sign-up or log-in through them. If you choose to integrate your Playsee account with a supported third party single sign-on service, we will collect the authentication token provided by such third party social network. If you choose to sign up with Playsee by using a social network or connect your existing Playsee account to other social networks, you will be prompted to provide consent via a popup notice informing you that by selecting “Continue,” you will allow the platform to share information about you. Information can be shared with social networks when users share profiles, videos, and locations to other Third-Party Platforms, such as Facebook, Messenger, Message, Twitter, WhatsApp, Line and Email. This information can include your username, videos, followers, location, and a URL to shared content. Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their terms and policies.Location Information. We may collect information about where you are located, both generally and at the time you access the Service. For example, if you want to upload your content, you must turn on the Location setting on your device. Playsee will then be able to collect your location data. If you do not share your precise location with us, we may still use your IP address to infer your location for the purpose of providing the Service. We will not store every location you have been to, but we will store the last known location where you used the Service. Additionally, we will store every location where you checked in for your User Content. Note that your check-in location is not necessarily the same as your current location.Other Information. From time to time, we may collect other information from you, such as when you make a claim for a prize pursuant to a contest or other promotions we may run, when you request assistance through our customer service department, or when you voluntarily subscribe to promotions, reminders, or newsletters.Inference Information. We may also create new information about you by drawing inferences from the information identified in the categories listed above to reflect your preferences or personal interests.3. How and when do we collect information about you?Playsee gathers information about you through the following sources and means:When You Provide Information. Playsee collects information when users voluntarily enter or upload the information while using the Service, for example, your contact information, your photos and videos, content you make public, certain transaction and payment information, location information, and other information. Through Your Communications. Playsee may collect information from you outside of your use of the Service, such as, if you email us (including any response to an email communication from Playsee) or communicate with Playsee via social media, or by tagging Playsee in a post. Information collected outside your use of the Service may be combined with information collected through your use of the Service.Through Cookies, Tracking Tools, and Automated Technologies. When you use any website, certain information can be automatically collected through technological means. When you access our Service, your web browser automatically sends us device and internet connection information and certain internet activity information as described in Section 2. Playsee also uses Cookies and web beacon technology to gather device and internet connection information, internet activity information, identifiers, and location information. “Cookies” are files that are placed on your computer or other device by websites you visit. The primary purpose of a Cookie is to identify you as a unique user of the Service. Playsee uses the following types of Cookies, some of which are placed by Third Parties, to customize your internet experience, keep you logged into websites, remember your search terms, and advertise products or services to you:Type of CookiePurpose of CookieNecessaryNecessary Cookies are essential to enable you to use the Service properly. It is used to identify you, prevent security risks, and to allow you to perform account-related functions.Statistics/AnalyticsStatistics/Analytics Cookies are used to help website owners understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.We use the following cookies in connection with our Services:NameFile(s)ExplanationLifespanOpt outGoogle Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmzga.js__utm*Our websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in Singapore. Before the transfer this information will be anonymized by removing the last octet of your IP address. Google will process this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not link your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Information collected by us through the use of this cookie includes: number of visitors, referring URLs, and the pages visited. For further information, please see: Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites | Analytics for Web (analytics.js) | Google DevelopersExpires 2 years from set dateYou may opt out of the collection of your usage data (including your IP-address) and the processing of the data by Google by downloading and installing the add-on for your current web browser from the following link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on Download PagebeatSessionIdHTMLRegisters which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.PersistentNecessary CookiesbeatSessionTsHTMLRegisters which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.PersistentNecessary CookieshsHTMLEnsures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.SessionNecessary CookiesTS#HTMLEnsures security.SessionNecessary CookiesXSRF-TOKENHTMLEnsures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.SessionNecessary Cookies_gaHTMLRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.2 yearsStatistics Cookies_gatHTMLUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate1 dayStatistics Cookies_gidHTMLRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.1 dayStatistics Cookiesfedops.logger.sessionIdHTMLRegisters statistical data on visitors' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.PersistentStatistics CookiesSSR-cachingHTMLIndicates how a site was renderedSessionNecessary CookiesYou can change your Cookie settings in your Internet browser (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Firefox).  However, if you disable Cookies, some of the features of the Website may not function correctly. For more information, see https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.From Third Parties. We collect the following types of information from Third Parties: transaction and payment information (such as when you have your payment information saved in your web browser), confirmation of friends, device/internet connection information, internet activity information, identifiers, and location information. We also use pixels, tags, and Cookies set by our Third-Party advertising partners to track your online behavior across websites and services and provide Personalized Ads (defined below) to you.You can better learn about such Third-Party data collection and advertising practices, including how to revoke your consent to Personalized Ads, at the following websites:www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choiceswww.networkadvertising.org/choiceswww.aboutads.info/choices4. How do we use your information?By collecting the information, we can provide and improve our Service, monitor ads and metrics, personalize your user experience, connect you to your friends and other users, research and develop new products and features, fix technology problems, send you updates or communicate with you, and protect our community and User Content. Specifically, Playsee may use the information we’ve gathered from you or your device, including through Cookies and Third Parties, for the following purposes:Business Purposes. When Playsee uses your information for a “Business Purpose,” it means such use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve an operational purpose of the Playsee. The following are the Business Purposes for which we may use your information:Business PurposeTypes of InformationFor Security. Playsee uses the information we collect from you and other users to detect security incidents, protect you and your information against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and prosecute those responsible for that activity.Information Outlined in Section 2To Provide the Service and Fulfill Your Purchase. We use the information we collect from you to process your payments.Information Outlined in Section 2To Improve our Service. Playsee uses the information we collect from you and other users to improve our product offerings and services. For example, we may consider analytics, demographics, and user feedback in determining whether there is sufficient demand for a new service.Information Outlined in Section 2To Personalize Your User Experience. We use information gathered from Cookies to authenticate your logins, determine whether you are logged in or not, to allow you to set personal preferences when using the Service, and to make it so you don’t have to reenter the same information when you visit the Service several times within a short timeframe.Information You Provide; Content You Have Published; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Identifiers; Location InformationTo Communicate with You. We use your information to personalize communication with you, respond to your requests regarding your purchases and our Service, and to notify you of updates to applicable terms or this Privacy Notice.Information You Provide; Contact Information; MessagesTo Suggest Users. We may suggest other users, whom you have similar interests with, for you to follow. For example, we may make suggestions based on who your other friends follow.Content You Have Published; Finding Friends; Location InformationCommercial Purposes. When Playsee uses your information for a “Commercial Purpose,” it means such use is intended to advance Playsee’s business interests, such as by inducing you to buy one of our products or services. The following are the Commercial Purposes for which we may use your information:Business PurposeTypes of InformationTo Advertise to You. We may use information gathered through Cookies and web beacons, including those placed by Third Parties, to deliver ads to you via the Service, and after you’ve left the Service, including advertising specific to your personal interests. The purpose of this practice, which is sometimes called “Personalized Ads,” “retargeting,” or “remarketing” is to deliver content and advertising that is of interest to you, and to avoid displaying irrelevant advertising to you. You can better learn about such Third-Party data collection and advertising practices, including how to revoke your consent to Personalized Ads, at the following websites:  www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choiceswww.networkadvertising.org/choiceswww.aboutads.info/choicesInformation You Provide; Content You Have Published; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Identifiers; Transaction and Payment Information; Location InformationTo Infer Your Interests. Playsee creates new information about you by drawing inferences from the information identified in Section 2 to reflect your preferences or interests. We may use such information to recommend more relevant content or advertisement to you.User Content; Content You Have Published; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Identifiers; Location InformationTo Advertise to Others. We may share your reviews, comments, and other content uploaded by you to advertise and market our Service, including by reposting your reviews on the App, in our advertising, or through our social media accounts.User Content; Content You Have PublishedScope and Legal Bases for UsePlaysee only processes your information to the extent that is necessary to accomplish the above-stated Business and Commercial Purposes. Playsee only uses your information when the law permits us to.  Most commonly, Playsee will use your information where: we have obtained your consent; it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you;we need to comply with our legal obligations;where if may be necessary to do so to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person; or     it is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of a Third Party, and your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests.Subject to and where permitted by applicable laws, where we rely on our legitimate interests, which are to achieve our business purposes as set out above, we have undertaken an assessment where we have balanced your rights against ours to ensure that our interest is not overridden by the interests you have to protect your personal data. 5. How do we share your information?Playsee may share your information for as outlined below:Other Users and the Public. The public at large and your fellow users, including businesses and advertisers, will have access to the information and User Content you have published or uploaded onto our Service. For example, your username, nickname, Avatar, and bio are shared in the community. If you share User Content (namely, comments, videos, likes, collections, locations, publicly), it will be available to everyone. If you do not wish other users to see your uploaded video on Playsee, you may set your video to private when uploading the video. If you only wish your followers to see the videos you uploaded, you may set your account to private in the privacy settings. You are also able to select who can see your comments in the privacy settings. You should also keep in mind that even if you intend to share User Content only with select users (and accordingly apply the appropriate privacy settings), those users, and other persons (as the case may be), may use other methods and devices to capture and share your User Content or information without your permission. You are responsible for your User Content and should think carefully about what you make public, especially if it is sensitive information. Playsee cannot control the transmission of Public Content, even if you try to delete it.Business and Commercial Purposes. The following are the Business Purposes and Commercial Purposes for which we may share your information:Third PartiesPurposeTypes of InformationService Providers. We use service providers to provide services and products on our behalf and will share your information with them as necessary. Examples include payment service providers and customer support.For Security; to Fulfill Your Purchase; to Improve Our Products and Service; to Improve the Service; to Personalize Your User Experience; and to Create Aggregate Information.Information Outlined in Section 2Third-Party Platforms. Your registered email address is shared with Amazon Web Services to enable push notifications and email services to reset your password. User Content is shared and stored on the Google Cloud Platform. We also share your information with analytics and search engine providers, namely, Google Analytics, Firebase, Facebook Analytics, App Store Connect, and Google Play Console, to assist us in the optimization and improvement of the Service.For Security; to Fulfill Your Orders; to Improve Our Products and Service; to Improve the Service; to Personalize Your User Experience; and to Allow a More Convenient Sign-Up and Log-in Process.Information You Provide; Content You Have Published; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Identifiers and Social Network Information; Location InformationOur Affiliated Entities. Affiliated entities are different from third parties in that they are businesses that are directly related to us and have common ownership with us. We transfer your information to our affiliated entities, who treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Should we be subject to an acquisition, merger, sale or other change of control or business entity status, we reserve the right to transfer or assign your information as part of that acquisition, merger or sale.For Security; to Provide and Improve the Application; to Personalize User Experience; and to Create Aggregate Information.Information Outlined in Section 2Government Officials and Private Parties Pursuant to Valid Legal Process. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal processes. In very rare circumstances, we may disclose personal information when we believe it is necessary in order to prevent illegal, fraudulent, or injurious actions that may cause harm to individuals.To Comply with Legal Obligations and Prevent Illegal, Fraudulent, or Injurious Actions.Information Outlined in Section 2Advertising Partners. We may let Advertisers know the performance of their ads on Playsee with aggregated and anonymous information, such as the number of people who view the ads or who followed their profiles.To Advertise to You; to Advertise to Others; to Earn Revenue from Advertisers.Information You Provide; Content You Have Published; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Identifiers (and Social Network Information); Location Information; Other Information; Inference Information.Other Consumers. We may share your reviews, comments, and public User Content to advertise and market our Service, including by reposting in our advertising or through our social media accounts.To Advertise to Others.User Content; Content You Have Published6. Do we sell your information to others?We do not sell any of your information to any third party.7. How do we protect your information?Playsee tries hard to protect your information and data, and prevent them from any unauthorized processing activities. Therefore, we employ technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no system can be completely secure. Should there be any breach in our security measures that cause your information and data to be subject to any unauthorized processing activities, we shall, where required by applicable law, inform you within a reasonable time, and guide you through any remediation steps. Nonetheless, the safety and security of your information also depends on you. Never share your password with any third parties and notify us as soon as possible if you believe your account security has been compromised.8. How long do we keep your information?Playsee will retain your information for the length of time necessary to fulfill the Business Purposes and Commercial Purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law or due to a valid court order. We may also delete your personal data or content should it violate our rules or Terms of Service.In some circumstances, we may anonymise your information (so that it can no longer be used to identify you) for analytics or research purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.9. Do we transfer your information to a different country?Playsee uses a third-party hosting partner to run Playsee's infrastructure. Because these hosting partners and their facilities are located worldwide, we may necessarily be required to transfer the information we collect from you and store it in other countries. Some of the recipients of your personal data will be located or have relevant operations outside of your country, the UK and/or the EEA, where the data protection laws may provide a different level of protection compared to the laws in your jurisdiction and with regard to which an adequacy decision by the UK Government or the European Commission (as applicable)does not exist. We will take all necessary measures to ensure that these transfers are adequately protected as required by applicable data protection laws.For recipients located outside of the UK and/or the EEA, some are located in countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. For these recipients, the transfer is recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection from a UK and European data protection law perspective.For other recipients that are located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK or European data protection law (in particular, the USA), we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to your information by using specific contracts approved for use under applicable data protection laws (including standard contractual clauses) or other adequate means, details of which are accessible upon request under the contact details provided below.Playsee may also share your information with its affiliates, which may involve transferring your information outside the UK and/or the EEA. Playsee ensures your information is protected by requiring our affiliates to follow the same rules when processing your information , details of which are accessible upon request under the contact details provided below.Any onward transfer (including our affiliates outside of the UK and/or the EEA) is subject to appropriate onward transfer requirements as required by applicable law.10. What are your rights when it comes to accessing, correcting, or deleting your information, and how can you exercise them?Under certain privacy legislation, you may request to correct, amend, access, or delete your information. These requests can be made by contacting us via email at privacy@playsee.co. Please note that we may need to request additional or specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your information (or to exercise any of your rights). Please include your name, username, and registered email with your message. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access, making corrections, providing you with information, or deleting information. If you are a California resident, you may also submit a request via an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we may either verify your identity directly or ask you to confirm that you authorized the agent to act on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you for making a privacy request or asserting privacy rights. If such legislation applies to you:Access and CorrectionUnder certain circumstances, you have the right to access and correct information.Right to Request DisclosureUnder certain circumstances as permitted by applicable law, you have the right to request disclosure of your information, including the following:The categories of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information;The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; andThe specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.Right to Request DeletionUnder certain circumstances, you have the right to request that Playsee delete information collected about you. If your account is deleted, you will not be able to recover it. Information that others have shared about you is separate from your account. Additionally, if you have uploaded User Content, we store it in our system and even if you delete your account or content, we may still access and use User Content for certain purposes as permitted under applicable law, primarily for promotional purposes, as outlined further in the User Terms of Service.Right to Restriction of ProcessingUnder certain circumstances, you have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your information. In this case, the respective data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes as permitted under applicable law.Right to Data PortabilityUnder certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another entity without hindrance from us.Right to ObjectUnder certain circumstances, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, regarding processing of your information.Right to Withdraw ConsentIf you have declared your consent for any information processing activities, you can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal.Right to Lodge a Complaint with the Supervisory AuthorityIn addition to the rights set out above, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority.California Shine the Light DisclosureUnder California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information to the Service may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please or contact us at privacy@playsee.co.Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22581 DisclosureIf you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of the Service where this Privacy Notice is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please contact us at privacy@playsee.co with a detailed description of the specific content or information. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.11. How do we protect the privacy of children?Playsee will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because we do not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to Third Parties. We have designed this notice in order to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).12. How can you opt-out from marketing communications?By providing your email address to Playsee through the Service or an email initiated by you, you consent to receive emails from us, including information concerning your account and advertising messages. Providing consent to promotional emails is NOT a condition of purchasing any goods or services from Playsee. You can unsubscribe to advertising emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link within the email, or by contacting us at privacy@playsee.co. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from advertising emails, we will still send you any necessary, non-promotional emails about your purchases, account, or updates to our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service.13. Do we respond to Do Not Track (DNT) Signals?DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked. Playsee does not currently respond to DNT requests.14. How will you know when we change the Privacy Notice?Each time you use our Service, the then-current version of this Privacy Notice will apply. Although most changes are likely to be minor, we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice by posting such modification on this page; however, if changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or email you. Unless we receive your express consent, any revised Privacy Notice will apply only to information collected after the effective date of such revised Privacy Notice and not to information collected under any earlier version.15. How can you contact us regarding this Privacy Notice?You can contact Playsee Pte. Ltd via email at privacy@playsee.co. In this case, your information transmitted by email will be stored. If needed, your information will be relayed to our Third-Party partners for the sole purpose of processing any request by you in the communication.Updated on 2022/06/16Archive of Previous TermsDownload AppAboutPlaysee AdsCareersHelp CenterTerms of ServicePrivacy & CookiesEnglishEnglishاللغة العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisहिंदीBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語한국어Bahasa MelayuPolskiPortuguêsРусскийภาษาไทยTürkçeTiếng Việt简体中文繁體中文EnglishEnglishاللغة العربيةDeutschEspañolFrançaisहिंदीBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語한국어Bahasa MelayuPolskiPortuguêsРусскийภาษาไทยTürkçeTiếng Việt简体中文繁體中文©2023 playsee