BUZ
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last
updated August 17, 2022
This privacy notice for Interfun Pte Ltd (doing
business as Buz) ('Buz', 'we', 'us', or 'our',), describes how and why we might
collect, store, use, and/or share ('process') your information when you use our
services ('Services'), such as when you:
§
Visit
our website at http://buz-app.com, or
any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
§
Download
and use our mobile application (Buz), or any other application ofours that
links to this privacy notice
§
Engage
with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?Reading this privacy
notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not
agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you
still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at [email protected]
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points
from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these
topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of
contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click here to go directly to our table of contents.
What personal information do we
process?When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal
information depending on how you interact with Buz and the Services, the
choices you make, and the products and features you use.
Do we process any sensitive
personal information? We
do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from
third parties?We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We
process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services,
communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with
law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.
In what situations and with which
types of parties do we share personalinformation?We may share information in
specific situations and with specific categories of third parties.
How do we keep your information
safe?We have organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect
your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the
internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure,
so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
What are your rights?Depending on where you
are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have
certain rights regarding your personal information.
How do you exercise your rights?If you want to see what
information we have collected about you, you can request a copy of your data by
selecting Request Data in the Privacy &
Safety section of your User Settings. You should receive your data
packet within 30 days. Data is delivered
in common digital formats including CSV, JSON, and any other file format you
used when uploading attachments to the services or by contacting us. We will
consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection
laws. If you encounter a problem you can reach out to us at [email protected]
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR
PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
12. INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA USERS
13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
15. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE
COLLECT
FROM YOU?
1. WHAT
INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal
information you disclose to us
In Short:We collect personal
information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily
provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in
obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you
participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by
You.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products
and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the
following:
§
names
§
phone
numbers
§
contact
preferences
§
contact
or authentication data
Sensitive Information.We do not process
sensitive information.
Application Data.If you use our
application(s), we also may collect the following information if you choose to
provide us with access or permission:
§
Mobile
Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile
device, including your mobile device's camera, contacts, microphone, storage,
and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do
so in your device's settings.
§
Mobile
Device Data.
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model,
and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system
configuration information, device and application identification numbers,
browser type and version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or
mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you
are using our application(s), we may also collect information about the phone
network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating
system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s
unique device ID, and information about the features of our application(s) you
accessed.
§
Push
Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain
features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these
types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the
security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes. All personal information that you
provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of
any changes to such personal information.
Information
automatically collected
In Short:Some information — such
as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device
characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you
visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your
specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include
device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device
name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services,
and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to
maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal
analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect
information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more
about this in our Cookie Notice: http://www.buz-app.com/cookies.
The information we collect includes:
§
Log
and Usage Data.
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance
information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our
Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with
us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser
type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as
the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed,
searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device
event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called
'crash dumps'), and hardware settings).
§
Device
Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone,
tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device
used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or
proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser
type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier,
operating system, and system configuration information.
§
Location
Data. We collect location data such as information about your device's
location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information we
collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the
Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect
geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP
address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by
refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on
your device. However, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use
certain aspects of the Services.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR
INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information
to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your
information for other purposes with your consent. We process your personal
information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our
Services, including:
§
To
facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user
accounts. We
may process your information so you can create and login to your account, as
well as keep your account in working order.
§
To
deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.We may process your
information to provide you with the requested service.
§
To
enable user-to-user communications. We may process your information if you choose to use
any of our offerings that allow for communication with another user.
§  To post
testimonials. We post testimonials on our Services that may contain
personal information.
§
To
administer prize draws and competitions.We may process your information to
administer prize draws and competitions.
§
To
comply with our legal obligations.We may process your information to comply with our
legal obligations, respond to legal requests, and exercise, establish, or
defend our legal rights.
§
To
take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and
inappropriate content.
§
To
understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the product service.
§
To
evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and make improvements to the
product service.
§  For marketing or
advertising where the law requires us to collect consent. For
example, when we use cookies to understand user interests or the law requires
consent for email marketing.
§
For
other marketing, promotion and advertising purposes where the law does not
require consent. For
example, when we use personal data to tailor advertising to user interests.
§
To
comply with a request from law enforcement. This will only apply when a competent
law enforcement authority contacts us. These include the police, the courts or
prisons.
§
To
conduct business planning, reporting and forecasting.
§
To
fulfill contractual obligations with third parties.For example, our agreements with
UGC owners on the Product Service
§
To
process user payment
§
To
detect and prevent fraud.For example, fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of product service.
§
To
request feedback, conduct research and surveys.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON
TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We only process your
personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal
reason (i.e. legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your
consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or
fulfil our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfil our
legitimate business interests.
If you
are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal
bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may
rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
§
Consent.We may
process your information if you have given us permission (i.e. consent) to use
your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent
at any time.
§
Performance
of a contract. When
it's necessary to process your personal data to provide the Service to you, or
verify information before a new contract with you begins.
§
Compliance with Legal Obligations.We may process your information where we believe it is necessary
for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law
enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or
disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
§
Legitimate Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
If you are located in Canada, this
section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us
specific permission (i.e. express consent) to use your personal information for
a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred
(i.e. implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted
under applicable law to process your information without your consent,
including, for example:
§
If
collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be
obtained in a timely way
§
For
investigations and fraud detection and prevention
§
For
business transactions provided certain conditions are met
§
If
it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to
assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
§
For
identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of
kin
§
If
we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be
victim of financial abuse
§
If
it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the
availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is
reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a
contravention of the laws of Canada or a province
§
If
disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or
rules of the court relating to the production of records
§
If
it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business,
or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the
information was produced
§
If
the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
§
If the
information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:We may share
information in specific situations described in this section
and/or with the following
categories of third parties.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other
Third-Party Service Providers.We may share your data with third-party vendors,
service providers, contractors, or agents ('third parties') who perform
services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do
that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are
designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they
cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed
them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any
organisation apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on
our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The categories of third
parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
§
Ad
Networks
§
Cloud
Computing Services
§
Data
Analytics Services
§
Data
Storage Service Providers
§
Content
Moderation Services
§
Performance
Monitoring Tools
§
Product
Engineering & Design Tools
§
Testing
Tools
§
Website
Hosting Service Providers
§
Government
Entities (Upon request only)
We also may need to share your personal information in
the following situations:
§
Business
Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during
negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition
of all or a portion of our business to another company.
§
Affiliates.We may share your
information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates
to honour this privacy notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any
subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or
that are under common control with us.
§
Business
Partners.We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain
products, services, or promotions.
§
Other
Users.When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments,
contributions, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with
public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all
users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity.
Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity,
communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and
other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies
(like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information
about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is
set out in our Cookie Notice: http://www.buz-app.com/cookies.
6. IS YOUR
INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may
transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are
located in the United States. If you are accessing our Services from outside
the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to,
stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with
whom we may share your personal information in Singapore, China, and other
countries.
If you are a
resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), then these
countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws
as comprehensive as those in your country.  However, we will take all necessary
measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy
notice and applicable law.
European
Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses: We have implemented measures to
protect your personal information, including by using the European Commission's Standard
Contractual Clauses for
transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us
and our third party providers. These clauses require all recipients to protect
all personal information that they process originating from the EEA or UK in
accordance with European data protection laws and regulations. We have
implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service
providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR
INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information
for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice
unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as
long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless
a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time
in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to
process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such
information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal
information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store
your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until
deletion is possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your
personal information through a system of organisational and technical security
measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable
technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security
of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and
efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the
Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure,
so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will
do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only
access the Services within a secure environment.
9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly
collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children
under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at
least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to
such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal
information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will
deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such
data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected
from children under age 18, please contact us at [email protected]
10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, (like
the EEA, UK and Canada), you have rights that allow you greater access to and
control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate
your account at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK and Canada),
you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may
include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal
information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the
processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data
portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to
the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by
contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.
Withdrawing your consent:If we are relying on
your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or
implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw
your consent at any time by adjusting the relevant control on the mobile App or
by contacting us.
However, please note that this will not affect the
lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law
allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in
reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and
promotional communications:You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any
time by adjusting the relevant setting in the mobile app or by contacting us.
You will then be removed from the marketing lists.
However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you
service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of
your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing
purposes.
Account
Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the
information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
§
Log
in to your account settings and update your user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will
deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases.
However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud,
troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms
and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are
set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set
your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove
cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of
our Services. To opt out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our
Services visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. For further information,
please see our Cookie Notice: http://www.buz-app.com/cookies.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy
rights, you may email us at
[email protected]
11. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK
FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems
and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ('DNT') feature or setting you
can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform
technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been
finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any
other mechanism that automatically communicates
your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard
for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will
inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
12.
Information for California Users
[LINK]
13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS
NOTICE?
We may update this privacy notice from time to time.
The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Revised' date and the
updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make
material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by
prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be
informed of how we are protecting your information.
14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT
THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice,
you may email us at
[email protected]or by post to:
INTERFUNPTE.LTD
ADDRESS:20 EMERALD HILL
ROAD SINGAPORE（229302）
15. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR
DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may
have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from
you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or
delete your personal information, please Request
Data in the Privacy & Safety section of your User Settings or email
us at [email protected]
12.
Information for California Users
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as
the 'Shine The Light' law, permits our users who are California residents to
request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for
direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with
which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar
year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request,
please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information
provided below. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and
have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal
of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of
such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and
include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you
reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on
the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or
comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
We do not “sell” your personal
data with third parties as most people would understand that term. However, we
may share your cookie information and advertising identifiers with our
third-party advertising platforms to deliver interest-based advertisements,
attribute installs and optimize campaign performance. To the extent that
practice is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, you may opt out of said sharing
by following the steps described in “Opt-out of targeted advertising” in
the global
privacy policy.
We do not have actual knowledge
of any sale of personal data of minors under 18 years of age, as the term
“sale” is defined under the CCPA.
In the preceding 12 months, we
have disclosed the following categories of personal data as part of our
Services:
Category
Examples
Categories Of Third Parties Who May Receive
Personal Data For A Business Purpose
Identifiers
A real name, alias, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or
other similar identifiers.
Other users
Service Providers
Business Partners
Advertising Networks (Advertising identifier
and IP address only)
Personal data categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute
A name or telephone number.
Service Providers
Audio, electronic and visual information
Images and audio, video or call recordings created in
connection with our business activities
Other users
Service Providers
Inferences drawn from other personal data to create a profile
about a consumer.
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics and
behaviour.
Service Providers
We may also collect other personal information outside
of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person,
online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
§
Receiving
help through our customer support channels;
§
Participation
in customer surveys or contests; and
§
Facilitation
in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your
personal information?
Interfun Pte Ltd collects and shares your personal
information through:
§
Targeting
cookies/Marketing cookies
§
Beacons/Pixels/Tags
More information about our data collection and sharing
practices can be found in this
privacy notice and our Cookie Notice: http://www.buz-app.com/cookies.
Will your information be shared
with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our
service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service
provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the
information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for our own
business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological
development and demonstration. This is not considered to be 'selling' of your
personal information.
Interfun Pte Ltd has not sold any personal information
to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve
(12) months. The categories of third parties to whom we
disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be
found under 4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Your
rights with respect to your personal data
You may submit a request to access or delete the
information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the
email or physical address provided in the  14.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?. You may be entitled, in
accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized
agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf,
please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or
that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to
exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with
applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request
by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or
to provide information necessary to verify your account. We do not discriminate
based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.