User Privace Policy - MeYo.one
MeYo ("us", "we", or "our") operates
the MeYo.one mobile application (the "Service"). This page
informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices
you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and
improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection
and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless
otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy
Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various
purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable
information may include, but is not limited to:
Location: This feature is used to view nearby users and allows other
users to find you, but you can choose to refuse to provide location
information.
Email and Phone Number ：use to set and re-set your password and
protect your account safety
Cookies and Usage Data ：all the details as below [ Usage Data ] & [
Tracking & Cookies Data ]
Delete Account [ include all the data belongs to the users ]
In order to protect your privacy and personal information, if you no
longer use MeYo or give up your account, you can in [Settings] page →
[Delete Account] function to delete your account.
After the account deleted, these rights will be deemed to
waived:
1. Identity information, account information and other
permissions.
2. All golds and diamonds.
3. Transaction records.
4. Friends, Chat records.
5. Please ensure that all relationships are completed and without
disputes. After the account deleted, any funds that may be returned
from the historical transaction will be deemed to waived.
6. After deleted the account, the data will automatically delete
within 2 days.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you
access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage
Data"). When you access the Service by or through a mobile
device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of
mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of
your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other
diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the
activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an
anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are used to store and receive
identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other
devices. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and
scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze
our Service.
You can instruct your device to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies,
you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your
preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security
purposes.
Use of Data
MeYo uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service
when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve
the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to —
and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province,
country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside BVI and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to
BVI and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of
such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
MeYo Technology FZ-LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to
ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place
to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in
place including the security of your data and other personal
information.
Privacy Advice for Shumei SDK
We suggest that you should add the following contents to the relevant
sections of your app's privacy policy, such as third-party information
collection details, advertising or data analysis:
Name of SDK
Purpose
Collected Information
Requested Access
Shumei SDK
Data statistics and Anti-cheating
(1) Basic equipment information, including equipment brand,
equipment manufacturer, equipment model number, equipment
name, equipment system type and version, equipment basic
configuration, equipment basic settings, equipment
environment;(2) Device identification information,Android ID, IDFV
(Identifier For Vendor), IDFA (Identity for Advertisers), OAID
(Open Anonymous Device Identifier)(3) Device network information, including network access
form, wireless router identification (BSSID, SSID) and IP
address, WIFI list, network operator information, network base
station information, network connection status(4) Device application information, including SDK host
application package name and version number
For Android:INTERNETACCESS_COARSE_LOCATIONREAD/WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGEACCESS_NETWORK_STATE For IOS:INTERNET
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
MeYo Technology FZ-LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of MeYo Technology
FZ-LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the
public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable
means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our
behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in
analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform
these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it
for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the
use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from Firebase service to prevent Firebase from using
and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://firebase.google.cn/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Google,
please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=zh-CN&gl=us.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that
third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy
Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or
services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 12
("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
anyone under the age of 12. If you are a parent or guardian and you
are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data,
please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal
Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take
steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify
you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact
us:
By email: [email protected]
By visiting this page on our website: www.MeYo.one
Terms last updated: 8/2021.
HONGKONG PITA NETWORK TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
Copyright © 2021. MeYo Team All rights reserved.