Playhouse
Index
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Community Guidelines
Contact
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Playhouse!
Last Updated: 05 30, 2023
Welcome to Playhouse!
Playhouse is a social networking application. You can meet fun people from all over the world, enjoy unlimited chats, and make
new friends on this App.
Community safety is our number one priority. We seek to explain to you in
this Privacy Policy what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By using or
accessing our App and/or our Services, you agree to the privacy policies outlined below.  If there is
any term in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our App or
Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that
Playhouse does not own or control, including but not limited to any third party service you access through
the App or the Services, or any individual or entity that Playhouse does not employ or manage.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OLD, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REGISTER OR USE THE APP OR THE SERVICES.
Capitalized terms that are not
defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.
1. Information We Collect
There are three basic ways we collect information:
1. Information you choose to give us
2. Information we get when you use our App and/or Services
3. Information we collect from third parties
Here’s a little more detail on each of these categories.
1) Information You Choose to Give Us
By visiting and interacting with the App and/or the Services, you provide
us with the information which may include, and is not limited to, the following:
• Account Information.  You need an account to use our App and/or the Services.  When you
create a Playhouse account, we will ask you to provide a username, your date of birth and gender.
Depending on the context of your interaction with the App upon or after registering, you may also
provide other optional information such as bio, profile picture, phone number, email, and/or other
social network information you allow us to access.
• Contacts.  Because Playhouse is all about communicating with friends, we may – with
your consent – collect information from your device’s phonebook. If you do not want us to store this
information, you may notify us via email.
• User Generated Contents.  It includes but not limited to creating or uploading different kinds of
contents to the App and/or
Services, including without limitation, photos, text, messages, posts, html, URLs, pictures, video and other
contents (collectively, “User Generated Content”).
Sending and sharing text messages, photos, screenshots, videos or other communications on our Services is
your decision. By choosing to share that information, you should understand
that you may no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it may become publicly
available. So be careful in containing any personal information in the User Generated Content. If you choose
to share these items with other users, we may not be able to remove them from the App or the Services or
make them unavailable to anyone you have shared them with. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of
information you share.
• Actions you take .  We collect information about the actions you take when using our Apps
and/or Services. This includes your interactions with content, like gift-sending or reporting. It also
includes your interactions with other users, such as following, friending, and blocking. We collect your
interactions with communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status.
• Transactional information.  You can purchase virtual currency or premium subscription and which can be only
used in the App and/or the Services. When making purchases, you will likely be required to enter billing
information, which may include name, billing address, credit card or other payment information, and billing
email. Our payment processors will process all purchases, and you will be subject to their terms and
conditions and privacy policy. Your transaction details and purchase history may be retained and used by our
payment processors to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries.
• Other Information You Provide to
Us.  Other information you voluntarily provide to us through
using the APP and/or the Services. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will
be evident at the time of data collection. For example, if you
contact us by email or other means, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence and
will use these contact info and correspondence when we respond to you.
2) Information We Get When You Use Our App and/or
Services
When you use our App and/or Services, we collect information about which of
those services you’ve used and how you’ve used them, including but not limited to:
• Log and Usage Information.  We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may
include your IP address, operating system, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, online
identifier (if available), mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL and search
terms.
• Location Information.  Currently we do not collect any geolocation information other than IP address.
• Information Collected by Cookies and
Similar Technologies.  Like most online services and mobile
applications, we may use cookies or other similar technologies to collect information about your activity
and device to improve our Services.
3) Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use
our App and/or Services. For example, if another user allows us to collect information from their device
phonebook—and you’re one of that user’s contacts—we may combine the information we collect from that user’s
phonebook with other information we have collected about you.
We may also obtain information from other companies that are owned or
operated by us, or any other third party sources such as social networks, and combine that with the
information we collect through our Services.
2. How We Use Information
We provide you with an amazing set of functions and services within our App
that we relentlessly improve. But we do a lot more as well, such as:
• Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain and protect our products and
services;
• Monitor
and analyze trends and usage;
• Enhance
the safety and security of our products and services;
• Moderate user behavior on the App and/or Service, such as protecting against
payment fraud and other inappropriate activities;
• Verify
your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity;
• Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events,
and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you;
• Make
the content on the App and/or the Services personalized to you and make it easier for you to use;
• Enforce
our Terms of Service and other policies.
3. How We Share Information
1) Information We May Share and Transfer
We may share information about you in the following ways:
• With Your Consent. We may share information about you with your consent or at your
direction.
• With General Public.  We may share information like your profile pictures or User Generated
Contents that you submit to the App or the Services. If such information is promoted or streamed on the web
or broadcast in some other media, it may be viewed by the public at large.
• With Our Affiliates. We may share information with entities within the Playhouse family of
companies.
• With Service Providers and
Partners. We may share information about you with service providers
who perform services on our behalf and business partners that provide services and functionality. For
example: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud providers who host our
data and our services, (iii) third party analytics service providers who help us measure product
performance.
• With Third Parties for Legal
Reasons. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe
that disclosing the information is needed to comply with any valid legal process, government request, or
applicable law, rule, or regulation, to investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service
violations, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or detect and
resolve any fraud or security concerns.
• With Third Parties as Part of a Merger
or Acquisition. If Playhouse gets involved in a merger, asset sale,
financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another
company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
• In the Aggregate or after
De-identification. We may share information about you that has been
aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
• In an Emergency. We may share
information if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.
• To Enforce our Policies and
Rights. We may share information if we believe
your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy or Community Guidelines, or to
protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others.
We do not sell personal information, or share personal information for
cross-context behavioral advertising.
2) Information You Choose to Share with Third
Parties
Information you provided when you register a Playhouse account and/or the User Generated Content you created when using the App, may be recorded,
stored, published and made available to the rest of Playhouse users. Any
user reading this information may use it or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control
and without your knowledge. We are not responsible for how other individuals use the information
posted in this manner. We therefore urge you to think carefully about
including any specific information you may deem private in the information you would provide or
content you create in the App.
The Services may also contain third party links and search results, include
third party plug-ins, integrations, or be a co-branded or third party-branded service that’s being provided
jointly with or by another company. By going to those links, using the third party integration, or using a
co-branded or third party-branded service, you may be providing information (including personal information)
directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how
those third parties collect or use your information. To the extent that you use a profile that may be
available to others on our Services, you are solely responsible for its content and accuracy at all times.
As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third party website or service that you
visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services.
4. How We Keep Your Information
Your information may be stored and process in any country in which we
provide Services due to server facilities and third party service teams. By using our Services, you consent
to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Wherever we transfer your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to
ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
We store the information we collect as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which we originally
collected it, as well as for the following purposes:
• to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries;
• to support subsequent customer service inquiries and to
provide, improve and develop the Service;
• to promote safety and security on the Service;
• to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business
purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with our legal obligations; and
• in
backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
You should understand that users who see the content you provide can always
save it using any number of techniques: screenshots, in-app functionality, or any other image-capture
technology. It’s also possible, as with any digital information, that someone might be able to access
messages forensically or find them in a device’s temporary storage.
5. How We Protect Your Information
Protecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority for us.
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely. We
process your personal information to improve and enforce our security measures, combat spam, malware,
malicious activities, or security risks, and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users
do not access your account with us. Access to any user information is restricted to our employees,
contractors, agents, and third party service providers ONLY whom needs to know the information in order to
provide, operate, develop, maintain, support and optimize our service experience and security.
However, due to the inherent nature
of the internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control
against loss, misuse, or alteration. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept
liability for unintentional disclosure.
6. Control Over Your Information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with
the following tools.
• Access and Correction. We strive to let you access and control the personal information that we have
about you. You can access and update your account information right in the APP by visiting the APP’s
settings page. If you need to access or update any other personal information that we may have, you can
always contact us by email.
• Revoking Permissions. If you change your mind about our ongoing ability to collect information from
certain sources that you have already consented to, such as your phonebook, you can simply revoke your
consent by changing the settings on your device if your device offers those options. Of course, if you do
that, certain services may lose full functionality.
• Account Deletion. Account deletion can be accessed within the APP. When you delete your account,
your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that
account. Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your
account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content. After you submit a
request to delete your account, it may take up to 90 days for us to complete deletion. We may also retain
certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Because your privacy is important to us, we
may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we move forward to process your
request.  Additionally, there are limits though to the requests we’ll accommodate. We may reject a
request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users
or is unlawful, or is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
7. Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or
otherwise use the Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the
age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services.
If we become aware that a child below the above minimum age has provided us
with personal information, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal
obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account, as applicable.
8. Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll
let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the
Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with
additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app
notification).
9. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices
with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@playhouse.cool.