Privacy PolicyFamily Locator, Inc ("Family Locator", "we", "our", or "us") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.​Family Locator Inc operates a service that allows you to share your location with other users in your family which we make available through our apps “ The applications”Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps explain our data practices, including the information we process to provide our Services.We must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services.The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.Our Services have features which, if used by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such features. You will be notified of such a collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot share your location with your contacts if you do not permit us to collect your location data from your device. Permissions can be managed through your Settings menu on both Android and iOS devices.1. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATIONYour Account Information. You must provide your mobile phone number and date of birth (Must be older than age of consent) to create an account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. Geolocation. We collect your location information through your IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) available through your mobile device. We may also gather information about your location using other technologies and sensors which may provide us with information about nearby devices, WiFi access points and networks, and nearby cell towers. If you enable the mobile app to use your Bluetooth signal, we may be able to determine location based on nearby Bluetooth-enabled devices, which helps us to improve location accuracy. We collect  location data to provide you the features and functionality of the Service. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your location data, please adjust your settings in your mobile device to limit the app’s access to your location data. We do not retain your location data in the course of providing the service to you. Instead, your location data are stored on your device and not stored on the server. If you decided to share your location with one of your family members then your location data are deleted from the server once they are delivered, if your location data cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on the server for up to 30 minutes only. If the location is still undelivered after 30 minutes, It will be automatically deleted. Motion Data. We collect, and may use sensory and motion data from your smartphone or mobile device, including information from the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth, in order to calculate and detect driving events, Walking and Sitting. Your mobile device provider may refer to this information as “Motion and Fitness” data (description may vary according to device and platform). We collect motion data to provide you the features and functionality of the Service. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your sensory and motion, please adjust your settings in your mobile device to limit the app’s access to your sensory and motion data. We do not retain your motion data in the course of providing the service to you. Instead, your motion data are stored on your device and not stored on the server. If you decided to share your motion with one of your family members then your motion data are deleted from the server once they are delivered, if your motion data cannot be delivered immediately, we keep it in encrypted form on the server for up to 30 minutes only. If the motion data is still undelivered after 30 minutes, It will be automatically deleted. Contacts Data: We collect and may use phone book data only to display your friends/family member names instead of just phone numbers in case you chose to use the any feature that require to connect with a family member or other devices. These data is used to display the contact names of family members if you decided to share location data with one or more of your family members for example ([Your family member's name] is at home now) . Your contacts data is not shared with any third party. We don't send any of your contacts data off your device. Converting a contact number to a contact name is only done in your device to improve and enhance the service usability.  if you want to opt out of the collection of contacts data, please adjust your settings -> permissions in your mobile deviceInformation we collect automatically through the use of technology. When you use our mobile app, we and our business partners may automatically collect certain information about your device through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, “tracking technologies”), and we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. We use these tracking technologies to collect usage and device information, such as:Information about how you use the Service, for example, the features you use, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase transaction information, your location when you access or interact with our Service, and other similar actions.Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/ model/ manufacturer, operating system, phone number, mobile carrier, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a UDID, IDFA, Google Ad ID, Windows Advertising ID or other persistent device identifier or Ad ID), battery life, and other such information.We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and view its currently available opt-out options at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.We use this information to (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (iii) track your location and movements; (iv) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (v) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns; (vi) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns; (vii) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs; and (viii) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities; (xi) automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices; and (x) otherwise plan for and enhance our Service.2. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe share your personal information, including precise location and driving event data, with the contacts you only chose to share your location information with them. You can easily stop sharing your location  with them by choosing the “Stop Tracking” feature in the persistent notification on your mobile device, Or simply by turning off the location permission through your Mobile Settings.We may share your personal information, including your precise location data, unique identifiers or AD IDs and other data with our partners, such as AdMob, for their marketing and business purposes, including without limitation, to inform and improve tailored advertising, attribution, analytics or research purposes. These third party partners may use this information according to their own privacy policies. Please see “Your Choices About Your Information” to learn how you may be able to limit some third-party data sharing.3. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATIONYou may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the Service, in which case Family Locator may not be able to provide its Services to you.Modifying Your Account Information and Settings: You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at devteam@onelocator.com.Close Your Account or Delete Personal Information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active or as reasonably necessary to maintain the Service, meet legal and accounting obligations, and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to close your account, and/or request to delete your personal information, please contact us at devteam@onelocator.com. When account information is deleted or de-identified, certain residual information may remain within our archive records, such as for customer and technical support, billing and tax purposes. We don't retain your location data, motion data or contact data on the server. Instead, your location, motion and contact data are stored on your own device and not stored on the server. If you decided to share your location and motion data with other users in your family then your location data will be deleted automatically from the server's memory once they are delivered. If the location/ motion data is not delivered immediately (for example, if the recipient is offline) it will be kept encrypted for only 30 minutes as we try to deliver it. if the data are still not delivered, It will be automatically deleted.  Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing:  we collect precise location data and driving event and movement data (such as accelerometer data, magnetometer data, gyro data, etc.) from your device to provide the Family Locator Services, and may share your location and movement data, only with other family locator users if you chose to share your location to specific contact. These data is only shared to that specific contact after your consent Limit location sharing with your Contacts. You may turn location sharing “OFF” for one or more of your contacts through your App settings.  If you turn off location sharing in one or more of your contacts, we will not share your location with such Contacts. Also you can stop sharing your location to all contacts using the “Stop Tracking” option form the persistent notification this will also stop processing contacts data Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings. You may also be able to turn off device location data collection through your mobile device settings.  For example, depending on your mobile device, you may be able to “Turn location services ‘off,’ which restricts access to your device location data. You can also adjust your device settings to withdraw permission for the Family Locator app to access device location data and/or motion data (depending on the device type, this may be called “Fitness and Motion” data), and you can also adjust your device settings to limit the app’s access to WiFi and Bluetooth information.Disconnect contact data : You may also be able to turn off device contact data collection through your mobile device settings.  For example, depending on your mobile device, you may be able to “Turn contact permission ‘off,’ which restricts access to your device contacts data.To opt-out or control third-party tracking and advertising: Interest-based advertising. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of the use of your personal information to inform and display targeted advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and/or the DAA’s resources at aboutads.info/choices. You may also manage certain advertising cookies by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices at www.youronlinechoices.eu.Mobile advertising. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).  You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting http://youradchoices.com/appchoices and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.    Cross-device linking. Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.Google Analytics and Advertising. We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences or by visiting NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.Contact Us : if you have any support questions on how to use the App, technical problems or technical requests please contact support@onelocator.com
View on Mobile