Start
About Chat
Why OmeTV
FAQ
Rules
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our service users.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the
personal data of our service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and
means of the processing of that personal data.
Your use of our service manifests your consent to transmission of personal data
specified in this policy.
How we use your personal data
We may process information included in your personal profile on our service ("profile
data"). The profile data may include your name, age, information you authorize us to
collect from your social profiles, email address and profile picture. We may utilise
Facebook Login for the authentication and creation of new user profile for our service.
When creating a profile via Facebook login, we will ask for access to your first name,
last name, gender, age, email, location, locale, timezone, and photos, to provide a
seamless registration experience. We do not seek to obtain or require access to any
further of your personal data stored on the Facebook platform besides these pieces of
data. Facebook’s data and privacy policy is accessible here https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. The profile data may be processed for the purpose of enabling and monitoring your use
of our service.
We may process data about your use of our service ("usage data"). The usage data may
include your IP address, geographical location (limited to country and state), browser
type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and
website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern
of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This
usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of our service. The
legal basis for this processing is your consent in the form of use of our service as
stated in Section 1, and our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our
service.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods
and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of
offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer
contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may
include your name, your contact details, and information contained in communications
between us and you. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer
relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with
customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and
promoting our products and services to customers. We need this kind of data for the
proper management of our customer relationships.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our
email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may
be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or
newsletters.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send
to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication
content and metadata associated with the communication. Our service may generate the
metadata associated with communications made using the service contact forms. The
correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and
record-keeping. We need this kind of data for the proper administration of our service
and communications with users.
We may process information about your client application (web browser or mobile
application) and its environment (operating system and hardware) used to access our
service ("client data"). The client data may include your IP address, browser type and
version, browser capabilities, operating system type and version, hardware setup,
imei/esn code, device manufacturer, serial number and model name. We need this kind of
data for the proper administration of our service.
We may process information that you send in text messages through our service ("message
data"). The message data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such transfer and
administering our service. We need this kind of data for the proper administration of
our service, monitoring and improving our service.
We may process information about your communication with other users in our service
("communication data"). The communication data may include client and usage data for
both sides, the time and date of communication happened and it’s length. We need this
kind of data for the proper administration of our service, monitoring and improving our
service.
We may process information about your ban ("ban data") in case you have been banned
because of inappropriate behaviour. The ban data may include different elements of usage
data and client data necessary to block the user from using our service for a determined
period, but also an image of the video frame obtained from a user’s video source. This
image can be collected along with a complaint from another user (interlocutor) or when
inappropriate behavior is detected by our system based on behavioral factors (how often
interlocutors break off the connection, average duration of chat sessions, dubious
message patterns, etc.). We need this kind of data for the proper administration of our
service.
We may process complaint information ("complaint data") if another user of our service
complains about you. The complaint data may inlude an image of the video frame obtained
from your video source. We need this kind of data for the proper administration of our
service.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and
services, that you enter into with us and/or through our service ("transaction data").
The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the
transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying
the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. We
need this kind of data for the proper administration of our service.
Like many site operators, we may process information that your browser sends whenever
you visit our site ("log data"). The log data may include your IP address, browser type
and version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the
time spent on those pages and other statistics. The log data collected does not include
personally identifiable information. We need this kind of data for the proper
administration of our service, statistical analysis and understanding of user behavior.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or
in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. We need this kind of data for the
protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of
others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for
the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or
obtaining professional advice. We need this kind of data for the proper protection of
our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out
in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing
is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order
to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do
so.
Providing your personal data to others
We may display the following data to other users: your name, your age, your gender, your
location, your public images.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar
as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage,
managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense
of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court
procedure.
Financial transactions relating to our service may be handled by our payment services
providers, PayPal, Apple, Google, Interkassa, SecurionPay, SMSBILL, VK. We will share
transaction data with our payment service providers only to the extent necessary for the
purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with
complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we
may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or
the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data
where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Our service may require a direct connection to be made between your computer and the
other user's computer. To do this, it is necessary to make your IP address available to
the other user's computer, although it is not shown to the other user by service’s
interface. This is a necessary part of how any peer-to-peer system functions.
International transfers of your personal data
The hosting facilities for our service are situated in Germany (European Economic
Area).
Users of our service are located in multiple countries, including the European Economic
Area. We have developed data practices designed to assure information is appropriately
protected but we ask you to be aware of the privacy and data protection laws in the
jurisdiction in which you reside. As otherwise stated in this policy, you acknowledge
that, the ultimate responsibility for the information you choose to share is yours.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our service
may be available, via the Internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or
misuse) of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer
than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your profile data as long as your account is active, and we have not been
notified otherwise, or as long as we consider necessary for the purposes described in
this policy.
We will not retain your complete message data (message log). We store none outgoing or
incoming messages, and these data cannot be retrieved or restored. We will retain
specific messages in ban data for bans related to inappropriate behavior in the text
chat.
We will retain your ban data as long as it is necessary to maintain the ban technically
for a determined period. We will not keep user image after ban expiration, but will
retain a record about this specific ban.
We will not retain your communication data. We store none information related to with
whom and when you communicated, and such information cannot be retrieved or restored.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data
where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another
natural person.
How we protect your personal data
We employ proper technical and physical measures to protect the personal data of our
users from loss, destruction, change, unauthorized access, disclosure, or any other
illegal forms of processing.
We employ a modern means of protection for the personal data of all users according to
the current state of the industry. This includes, for example, firewalls, password
protection and other access and authentication controls.
We use a secure server software (SSL) to encrypt user data before it is sent to us, and
our database is hosted in a secure data center.
Only authorized personnel have access to user data.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage,
is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit
to us or store on our service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee
that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of
any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you believe your personal
data has been compromised, please contact us as provided below.
Children’s online privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our service is not
intended for children or minors under the age of 18 years. We do not knowingly collect
data from children under 18 years of age and do not wish to do so.
By using our service, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age. If you are
under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access our service at any time or in
any manner. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age
has been collected, we will deactivate your profile and take reasonable measures to
promptly delete such data from our records.
If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please
contact us as provided below.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is
sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is
then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie
will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless
deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will
expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but
personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in
and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and
as you navigate our website;
(b) analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our
website and services;
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when
you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers
information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to
our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy
policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
We use Facebook Like Button widget to share the information about our service on
Facebook. When visiting our website containing such a widget, your browser will
establish a direct link with the servers operated by Facebook; as a result the content
of the widget will be transferred to your browser and embedded in the website being
shown. If you visit our website whilst signed into your Facebook user account,
information concerning your visit will be transferred to Facebook. Facebook can assign
your visit to our website to your user account. Information arising from interaction
with the Facebook widget (such as by clicking the Facebook “like” button or by leaving a
comment) will be directly transferred to and stored by Facebook. To prevent this, you
must log out of your Facebook account before visiting our website. Please refer to
Facebook’s privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
) for more information on: the purpose and scope of data collection and data analysis
undertaken by Facebook, your rights, how to modify settings and how to protect your
privacy.
We use Twitter Tweet Button widget to share the information about our service on
Twitter. Twitter uses cookies for purposes described at https://help.twitter.com/ru/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
. You can view the privacy policy of Twitter provider at https://twitter.com/ru/privacy.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods
for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
External URLs
We reserve the right to place external links to websites and third party goods
throughout our service.
We attempt to always provide links and URLs to respected websites, however, we do not
accept responsibility for any contents, security, or actions taken on such websites.
When you navigate to any third party website, any personal data that you provide is
managed exclusively by the privacy policy of that particular website and we do not
assume any responsibility for the data you decide to provide.
Do Not Track mechanisms
Your browser may deliver a "Do-Not-Track ('DNT') signal," or similar mechanism for
exercising choices about the collection of information about your online activities.
Because technology continues to change, we do not guarantee that we will honor DNT
signals or similar mechanisms at this time.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our
website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this
policy.
Contact
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us by contact@ome.tv.
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
Pinterest
TikTok
Rules
Terms
Privacy
Refund
Contacts
© 2015-2023 Ome.TV, Bad Kitty’s Dad, LDAr. José Dias Coelho 10A, 2855-173, Corroios, PT